forcing cruisecontrol to remove a deprecated version of the zrtp4j . jar bundle . 
updated fit - to - screen icon 
travis 
updated library to fix bug in saml authentication flow 
add version of gmetric4j . jar that fixes socket leak 
removed todo . 
updated notice 
update readme . txt 
fixed spelling mistake in columntypeutil . hpp 
bump netty to match gremlin server version . 
updating alloy to 2ae033e ; lps - 33376 
parent updated to v11 
return buffer . slice ( ) instead of buffer . asreadonlybuffer ( ) in resourcecache to avoid using inefficent path in bufferutil . writeto 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 29 
updating alloy 
updated changelog 
lps - 63573 fix action name 
add a feature graphic . 
adjusting version to 0 . 80 . 1 
fix build 
revert changes again ( py - 14969 ) 
don ' t show focus rect on shortcut panel 
add missing class to preloaded - classes for art build 
readme update . 
update readme . md 
fix an issue in mpeg4writer where the write of outstanding chunks in the last batch was missing 
update build . gradle 
the prompt in debug console with ipython ( py - 20685 ) 
forgot a damn c / r 
lps - 16075 , updating alloy to rev . 77098 
add info about bug fixing 
add missing @ override in spongegame 
adding ommitted file 
fix file name of deeplinkregistry and its test 
update spongecommon 
added storm - 205 to changelog . 
updated version again . 
updates the global shortcut library for mac os x with a version compiled on 10 . 6 
fixed jenkins url 
callconnectionauthenticatedlistener ( ) should call authenticated ( ) 
update contributing . md 
adding dockerfile to run samples in centos / wildfly image 
updated changelog 
update docs to show boolean constructor arg 
upgrade crate - theme to most current version 
update jar 
fix build 
catch all errors , preventing stopping processing messages . 
updated takari testing and lifecycle versions 
update to latest ` fastadapter ` v1 . 2 . 6 
dist files . 
pass variant from shippable to gradle build 
change travis webhook 
lps - 56674 sdk 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 0 
build new pre release b4 
lps - 42228 wrong jar 
bumped parent versions from 2 - snapshot to 2 
prepare for next development version ( 0 . 3 ) 
updates bigbluebutton . properties to support securitysalt for api 
lps - 65342 update version 
add memory include 
bump to 1 . 3 . 1 for a release 
temporarily disable gpg profile for feature branches for testing on travis 
update to latest build tools 
update core module 
update readme . md 
add internet permission 
return answer to new client even after kicking old client ( resource conflict ) . 
moved to morfologik 
mark offset gamma test as nopass , even though it ' s passing , as it affects other tests by updating the r gbm packge . 
adds asm_jar variable for public repo . 
added junit version . 
hide compiled obj files in git 
upgrade to junit 4 . 10 
eap = true 
resized buttonsusage . png 
fix scope for auto - service ( fixes 
remove duplicate extern definition of url 
update freebsd natives 
remove boost iostreams include from filepath . hpp 
upgraded parent version . 
adding a much needed output strategy to get away from that old , crusty , system . out construct 
added a poll image to the branding folder 
added changelog to core module 
run findbugs with maximum effort 
changed version number so i could push the new version to dist . 
add a todo for future reference 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 54507 
add help . 
lps - 30240 move intrabandportalcachemanagertest from portal - service to portal - impl , because the dependence to memoryportalcachemanager 
add joda - time openoffice presentation ( created with v1 . 1 . 4 ) 
adding png to give chapter h1 a rounded border on the browser too . 
usage of cobertura in yml 
update to fastadapter v1 . 0 . 0 
mapreduce - 2844 . 
re - remove androidemoji . ttf . 
updates fmj to r96 ( fix parsing rtcp bye packets ) . 
updated notice file 
updated changelog 
web - 13073 mime types adopted by the webstorm built - in server seem to be incorrect for serving our relaxng files as text / xml 
add tests for this pr 
un - deprecate khmer , as requested on the forum ( and because there has just been a pull request ) 
actually store gravity in actionbar . layoutparams constructor 
initialize module for every created python run configuration 
lps - 63462 update jar 
small fixes in remote debugger 
update gradle file 
added a download link to the not - so - obvious releases tab 
add missing @ checkfornull on templatekey 
script mode 
fixes # 208 by returning back to posts list when a local draft is deleted . 
new fruitstrap binary which doesn ' t kill the parent eclipse process when the app is killed from within eclipse . 
part of fix for bug 5065047 build libchromium as a shared lib 
 - unable to set a home directory with a space on the command line 
newaudiosessionid ( ) 
jdks for travis 
update androidmanifest . xml 
fix all . csv location . 
lps - 64714 avoid portletrequestimpl . setattribute ( ) duplicated name null checking 
reference update for 2 . 2 . 1 
add a libbase static depedency for aapt2 . 
set for dev 
delete a . gif 
update to latest fastadapter 
fix lost sharedmanfiest configuration in build . xml 
fix performance test build type 
more action group names 
update binary files 
testing commit 
version bump 
add callback for ` add ` ( android ) 
the orthographic camera had a - z default value . 
upgrade to junit 4 . 10 
update floatlist . java 
we should add a bundle version to be consistent 
idea - 53534 fix wrong configurable selection on settings reopen 
sample fixes . 
remove error message since a ) it is provides very little / no useful information and b ) writing to stderr is just plain wrong . 
add getter for genericvertex max index 
remove domcontentloaded listener . 
bumping version number to 0 . 21 . 0 - beta4 - snapshot 
test fixes - portlet / imagegallery 
update jar 
push version to 16 - beta5 , 15014 . 
csp scanner plugin id reservation 
lps - 64265 set default locale when it is null 
add demo . gif 
expose android version to js 
updated todo 
removing author information from autherrordialogfragment . java . 
added the png version of the architecture diagram 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 106 
update android gradle plug - in to 2 . 1 . 2 
missed adding a contributor name for translation 
make docpublisher . output public . 
sample gif 
lps - 60980 include missing build . xml 
updates android build gradle tools from 1 . 3 . 0 to 1 . 3 . 1 
trivial javadoc commit to trigger ci 
corrected problem adding unnecessary params attribute causing failed test case 
changed menu lable to " demo house " 
addeded morphism picture and changed changelog . textitle to reflect the removal of pipes . 
runtimeexception - > runtimeerror 
todo update 
fix build - remove obsolete import of animatable 
sample apk 
update version for current release 
minor visual formatting ( aligning icon images to middle ) 
removing relative path to parent pom , make sure parent pom version 5 is used . 
add unitless to " an " words 
fixed jdk - 9 profile to be auto activated when maven run with java 9 . 
update blockoilstill . java 
gradle doesn ' t auto discover testng 
update fbxvalues . java 
update file reference 
remove unneeded sideonly . 
updated changelog . textile with latest updates . 
use ant to build 
jps jar naming corrected 
a mistake in skip ( ) 
updating release version to 0 . 96 in build . properties 
adding nightlybuildid . java to . 
lps - 62099 run " ant build - client " 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 14 - snapshot ' . 
new content markup ; . 
mention renamed public type . 
updated art 
let travis ci deploy artifacts from the " 1 . 0 " branch 
copy for tag flyway - 1 . 6 
compress gif 
update gradle 
prep changelog for release 0 . 9 . 2 - incubating 
update readme . md 
added storm - 63 to changelog . 
minor , add missing kdoc on function ' s type parameter 
remove extra space after the source viewer in the workspace 
javascript / my_uploads . css " 
add gc ( ) 
bump up version . 
test fix to enable declaredglobalexternsonwindow to be enabled . 
netty 3 . 2 . 0 . 
bump version for build - helper - maven - plugin to 2 . 12 ( # 3397 ) 
extend and cleanup multifiletestcase 
restore unit test file with lower case 
fire event on removing book from recent list 
update readme 
build trove4j to be compatible with 1 . 5 
alpha - 8 / 256 version bump 
sonar - 7903 upgrade postgresql driver to 9 . 4 . 1209 . 
update mixin submodule 
adds stackoverflow tag info to readme 
gdx - 0 . 6 - sources . jar had a little more than just sources . . . 
lps - 55423 - lps - 55259 - updating alloy 3 . 0 . x to 64a14a91dd972b5387bf22ccb00ffc03ae63a58d 
update apk 
add hammer icon for brute force 
remove unnecessary ld flags . 
update grade build tools 
rc - 1 version bump for beta release 
fix travis error 
make sure that junit does not complains about missing tests in testutils class 
use latest maven release plugin . 
remove unneeded todo 
update how_to_build . 
use latest project url in rpm package meta data 
additional image for navigation back and up 
bump the version number to 2 . 1 . 0 
updated changelog 
added failing test for json output 
rename dir 
add support for bgr format and remove some debug prints . 
remove gradle daemon jvm args compatible with jdk 9 
fixed method layout in activityapp 
delete dimens . xml 
fixed typo in changelog 
jps updated to fix problem with duplicate classpath . index in jar files 
lps - 46108 copy start . jsp to page . jsp 
update doc commit pointer 
update readme . md 
utf - 8 is the default encoding for the project 
include server examples in the build . 
remove script module 
adding logo 
retina icons 
prepping for maven release build 
string export . 
add ` repositories { mavencentral ( ) } ` to gradle instructions for completeness 
fixed error where a statement was closed twice . 
update source level 
add alex and kevin to the authors file . 
lps - 60972 update build - module . 
don ' t try to fully tear down program in terminate ( ) 
update gradle version 
new version of dsm - maven - plugin 
remove unused import ; 
fix notnull gif link 
release notes 
update to jpmml 1 . 0 . 22 
update to the latest ` fastadapter ` v1 . 2 . 3 
remove local testing file 
update build tools to 24 . 0 . 2 
removing the dependency on rubygems from testing . 
enable aliaskeywords in closure compiler . 
add travis 
location module update 
updated project properties , paths are case sensitive on unix . 
ability to enable new css validation via registry 
updated changelog 
add openjdk7 froh travis 
version bump to 1 . 7 . 0 - beta . 2 
lps - 64555 revert changes to packageinfo 
add contributor lovejjfg 
use correct cglib version . 
update migration file 
supplement the readme 
update subtrees to use build tools 21 . 1 . 1 
prepare release graylog2 - plugin - 0 . 9 . 7 
make sure we clear appview history too . 
return latest config from getflatconfig ( ) 
switcher now correctly changes back to " load more comments " 
update version to 1 . 1 and version code to 5 
pointing tsdb at / usr / share / opentsdb / bin / tsdb . 
lps - 4492 invoking build - alloy from deploy task 
added notice file 
support for relative paths in root . dir 
change visibility of pool . returnresourceobject ( ) to protected 
moved to src / test / java as it is a test class . 
ninja - add missing entry in changes . txt for cassandra - 10237 
krakatau fix 
minor image fix . . . gondola is the gtfs aerial tram . . . and tram is gtfs for streetcar / lightrail / etc . . . 
 / / github . com / brunobasto / alloy - taglibs / pull / 22 ) 
remove redundant check on import ( we ' ll check on creating suite ) 
update spongecommon for block collision fixes . 
update analytics plugin 
lps - 54590 add a line break to show order matters ? 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 146 - snapshot 
mark the crlf setting for string resources 
use applicationidsuffix in the template build . gradle 
switch from alter column to change column . 
bump spongecommon 
fix readme . 
relocate hdrhistogram for aeron - all jar . 
no longer used 
updates smack jar files to the version which contains all patches from libsrc repo . 
added storm - 851 to changelog . 
fixed docs link error 
remove a space 
handle generic back action from stack reducer 
refactored diagrams sources folder 
update news 
lps - 50300 set icons width so the text alignment is always consistent 
updated the showcase image 
remove empty dimens file . 
jitsi videobridge - remove redundant bouncy castle jar file 
update changes 
push version to 12 - beta4 , 212 . 
make gradle use the local maven cache 
somewhere along the line clear got dropped . 
snapshot 
added hardcoded fml version file 
update readme . markdown 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
added details for the sub project grails - shell 
upgrade to sigar 1 . 6 . 4 
lps - 47261 test isn ' t creating the group 
local_repository_test_jdk8 
added an assembly 
updated elasticsearch upstream to get the latest test fixes 
update version 
add travis status badge to readme . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 115 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 7 - snapshot ' . 
fix mock provider after merge of # 51 
new version 
update changes 
fix newly introduced warnings in jsonwriter . 
lps - 57672 move css files from core to module 
if there is an inline type in a ' const ' declaration , make sure it is not dropped when transpiling to es5 . 
changed travis ci script , should start tests 
fix missing break statement found by motorola . 
fixed ridiculous checkstyle warning about a private class not being final . 
lps - 36459 impl 
corrected description of commandsender . getserver ( ) 
opps - forgot to include lib . 
created notice and renamed the existing license / readme files . 
update spongecommon 
set theme res in a wrapper from constructor 
remove invalid word ' vodka ' ( according to duden it ' s wodka ) 
stop stepping if cannot find source code to show in editor 
import . 
upgraded app_konference . 
depend on released version 
fixed a typo in examples / java - no - features / readme . 
lps - 35848 - minimize portlet requires io - plugin - deprecated module 
change readme file with proper gradle dependecy . 
fixed problem with binary equal calculation 
fix a typo in nucachedsource2 that would trigger an assert near the end of a stream . 
changelog for 0 . 9 . 0alpha4 
added android sdk platform with api level 16 to travis build file 
list models are not genericized before java 1 . 7 
update the bundled java driver to fix failing pig tests 
updated changelog 
add bad_package_property_access diagnostictype to the visibility diagnosticgroup ( which transitively adds it to access_controls ) . 
remove unused image 
abstract sdk values to vars instead of vals 
added files via upload 
tcl / tk files should use the new specialized analyzer 
updated to gant 0 . 3 . 4 snapshot fix command line incompatibility between groovy / gant 
prepare release swagger - project - 1 . 01 
mind the fair warning from another inspection . 
update android gradle plugin to 2 . 0 . 0 
made bsonreader . state to be public 
sonar - 5138 fix navigation menus not disappearing on coding rules ( mouseup swallowed by implicit " return false " 
reverted accidental project name change in . 
alpha - 15 / 279 version bump 
lps - 46286 ; lps - 46385 - updating alloy 2 . 5 . x to 93e08819398225399919d3bcab30aac9e8d50679 
adding jni lib for mac to tightdb - example 
rc - 2 version bump 
rebuilds the mac os x jni counterpart of the g . 722 audio codec implementation . 
removed llvm dependency for device . 
update old version label for jdiff 
lrqa - 28081 update poshi runner version 
re - order the travisci test matrix based on historical run times 
begin version 0 . 9 . 1 . 
android support libs 
fix change detection for compiler testing 
this todo dates back to tomcat 4 . 1 . x . 
create readme . md 
added checkstyle to core and cache module 
comment out publish 
jquery pubsub example wiping out my redis data 
add a proper shebang to build_resources . 
add field for plugins installed on issue template 
update changelog 
upgrade to ognl 3 . 1 . 7 
moving back to jersey 1 . 3 to fix an odd jaxrs loading bug in neoserver . 
synchronize the gtasks update lists method to prevent conflicts when multiple syncs ongoing 
update linux - ppc64 natives 
explain that ' pom ' is a concept from maven ( for those users who have never tried maven ) 
add lintoptions { 
 ' fixme ' added to the dictionary ( oc - 9056 ) 
specify global group and version so the generated poms reference projects correctly . 
update spongecommon for hostname fix and passengers changes . 
lps - 52174 this is an integration test , not an unit test . 
delete banner . png 
don ' t hold on to passed context . 
don ' t log interruption here , as it happens and it ' s ok ( ea - 36726 ) . 
add storm - 1079 to changelog . md 
try resetting searchingaddress 
update readme . md 
do not shrink org . jetbrains . kotlin package classes 
upgrade maven resources plugin to 2 . 6 
no need to import django_settings here . 
renamed license . txt - > license . txt 
updates fmj to r5 from the sourceforge svn repository . 
modifications to travis ci build to prefer ipv4 did not work , removing them . 
for complete api consistency , this method should return the browser object 
travis 
hive - 2550 provide jira_base_url for improved arc commit workflow 
fix readme formatting 
stopping the preview before unlocking reportedly helps with video corruption . . . 
kafka - 1801 ; remove non - functional variable definition in log4j . properties ; patched by raman gupta ; reviewed by jun rao 
removed osgi integration temporarily from build - - it is missing code after migrating over from apoc - bundle 
fix yaml in test / indices . 
fix uiexplorer ios swipe back 
make the test phase depend on jar so that the integration tests have the jars they need to run 
keep consistent build tool version 
changelog change for complex key array fix . 
working on multi chat and a jabber implementation 
update changelog 
groovy - 2195 ' s patch created a regression , so i ' m reverting the previous change 
preparing for release 3 . 3 . 0 
add kotlin - gradle - plugin snapshot repo 
corrected a misuse . 
rename files . 
travis config update 
bump snackbar library v2 . 10 . 8 
prepare release curator - x - zkclient - bridge - 3 . 0 . 0 
fix ambiguity due to null - compilation error 
lrqa - 27334 move samplelarportlet out of deprecated 
include new category to rctvideo 
adding cool file 
require ieee 754 floating point for logging . 
update readme . md 
moving pca golden test to nopass until i figure out the source of the numerical inaccuracies . 
focus stealing fix is enabled back 
update osx native reference 
show actual address instead of wft 
lps - 33608 pacl - source formatting - no change 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 582 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
switch to its own phone type phone_type_sip . 
user 32x32 ico 
java / src / main / resources / youtube . 
added rob dawson . 
lps - 69878 set the new column to null 
keep this getter for consistency with localtachyoncluster 
include recommended region size in deployment docs 
fix typo in readme . txt 
fix mapview crashing problem . 
added sqldialect 
push version to 12 - beta5 . 
update hazelcast plugin reference 
remove invalid return 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0b1 
increamented project . version 
add lazy 
change from lvbutton to fbutton 
increase cache ttl on ci build to 1 hour to speed it up . 
re - enabled crossitcase 
cas 5 . 1 rc1 
creates lock file parent dirs if necessary 
nixes cypher - plugin from pom . xml 
build tools version updated to 22 . 0 . 1 
forgot to add that start throws exception 
update contributors . md 
use build tools 23 . 0 . 2 on travis ci 
pom updated to 0 . 7 - snapshot 
add h2o - persist - hdfs back as a dependency so s3n works for h2o . jar . 
updated version 
remove a version clause added by mistake 
ensure the " selenium / build " directory is removed after the generation and import of the atoms is done . 
nullable 
nullable xbreakpoint . getproperties reverted 
audiotrack will mark 0 - size buffers as consumed 
made public 
fix full inv item bounce client animation 
update my dictionary 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
temporarily disable unit test 
update wiki image 
update spongecommon 
removed redundant permissionsresolver . load ( ) call 
coreenvironment . getjarfilesystem ( ) 
lps - 65012 move export - import - service resources to the correct dir 
added storm - 539 to changelog . 
lps - 38525 iscompany should return true when it ' s staging as well 
update in - game credits 
one more tex todo 
remove icon from sample menu inflated drawer 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 35 - snapshot ' . 
adds logging to debug istag function in gradle build . 
update spongecommon for dropitemevent cme fix . 
update junit dep 
revert " bumping gradle to hopefully fix buffer overflow on travis " 
updated submodule to point to the branch with the additional stuff for the copy action 
does travis support openjdk5 ? 
delete okhttputils - 2_5_0 . 
add angular2 profile to the bom 
update reference to owncloud - library 
automatically set the ivysettings instance of new resolvers 
adding entry to changelog 
update readme . md 
correcting a bad merge . 
updating sample version 
needs more machines to run quicker 
update readme . md 
refs lr 
updated readme . md with 2 . 1 
removed 2 . 4 . 6 jar 
removed app - legacy module from settings 
updating changelog for storm - 964 
upgrade to hibernate validator 5 . 2 . 3 . 
core - 1540 call ' reorg table ' after modifydatatype on db2 
add missing changelog entry 
updated library reference 
checkbox tree published 
updated decorator class diagram . 
add missing package 
added travis 
fix authors of manual 
fix port collision between ntpdate and ntp daemon 
fixed bug in groovy core causing failing test 
invalidate drawablecontainer ' s cached canconstantstate on child add 
added defaultcomeslast checkstyle rule 
kotlin reflection recovered ( # 2845 ) 
updated changelog and added 0 . 7 logo - - gremopoly . 
changes 
fix spdy pom . xml 
duplicates of dave ' s wav file . 
close temporary logwriters to avoid leaking fd . 
add cassandra - 4306 to changes . txt for 1 . 1 . 2 
remove wrapper task . 
update location module 
lps - 58672 turn on auto close to modules - integration - . 
reverted the log4j . properies that i just committed 
more todo items 
fixes an incorrect # define in the source code of the microsoft outlook address book and contacts integration . 
after trying to share a file without permission , it ' s not possible to share a file 
upgrade to hdrhistogram 2 . 1 . 9 
disable debugging on a device in user mode . 
test fixes - portlet / sitemap 
moving back to jersey 1 . 3 to fix an odd jaxrs loading bug in neoserver . 
added storm - 1833 to changelog . 
update todo 
update readme . 
prepare for 4 . 0 . 0 . 
jodd in 10 minutes presentation 
comment test out 
adds a jitsi - defaults . 
fix issue with dimensionmanager . shouldloadspawn 
changed external urls to https ones 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 77 - snapshot 
conventional @ nullable removed 
fix testresultformattertest 
add fqname to dictionary 
lrqa - 18330 rename step 1 
remove applicationcommand from grails . factories 
upgrade to hadoop 0 . 16 
upgrade to maven - resources - plugin version 2 . 4 
use es upstream without obsolete update - by - paths support 
upgrading http - request 
added explanaition about android test to pom . 
update release notes wrt # 742 
fix transparent drawable - mdpi / nux_icon_wp . 
updated the example simple passive rule id 
readme for the libraries project 
updated changelog 
no longer enforcing clean dependency trees 
added storm - 1709 to changelog 
hey i also want to be a lollipop 
stop using travis , builds are not stable due to memory problems 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 1 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
enable displayname transformer in open source 
removed an unnecessary file . 
update changelog as per r1630407 
updated changelog version to 0 . 18 . 0 to match . 
fix typo in buildsetup chapter ( buildsetup - > setupbuild task ) 
update support version to one in travis ci 
modified travis 
ignoring all workspace . xml files . 
misprint in file name 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 56 
don ' t reset the responder closure delegate . 
update to flow 0 . 2 . 49 
 ' inference ' package moved from ' types ' to ' resolve . calls ' 
rename discoverynodes # smallestnodeversion to getsmallestnodeversion 
link to sample eclipse project added to readme 
update spongecommon for command fix . 
add todo 
update readme . md 
target java 1 . 5 . 
lps - 57534 should not use full path , but ci machines have a broken path setup , need qa to fix it . 
updated changelog 
updated changelog 
upgrade parent pom , to get bit more compact jar builds 
lps - 36595 lps - 37303 undo sf in c034e424db7a18a4de11f2ec3c2bde00c4ee9b56 , because i think he was trying to show declare and set membershiprestriction in its own block . 
a more groovy version ( sleep 1000 ) . . . thanks to mrg 
update the changelog file 
test was using incorrect target directory - noise in source tree 
add provided configuration 
use java 8 for the site . 
upgraded surefire maven plugin to 2 . 6 
add documentation about buck_debug_soy near code that uses it . 
remove mockup 
fix divide by zero error in gcinspector 
updating pom to use persist it 3 . 3 
revert test 
change sdk compiled version into 2 . 3 . 3 
update license 
update the name and date in notice 
changed call to processing inside examples / init . 
lps - 51203 fetch perfomance branch from a different repository 
set for dev 
make sure we only sign when uploadarchives is run 
updated banner images for landing pages 
added storm - 351 to changelog 
add c # files to the c analyzer for now 
rename readme to readme . md 
gh - 239 - replaced deprecated goal in maven assembly plugin . 
update news 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / plugins - admin / . 
lps - 52405 increment to prepare for next version 
lost icons 
set quizactivity launchmode to singletop 
update email 
beta version = > 2 . 0 beta 12 
mention initial copyright year 
update javawriter to 2 . 1 . 2 proper . 
update readme . md 
lps - 54140 image in blog portlet gets overflowed . 
update android - iconics core to v1 . 7 . 9 
add a missing import . 
disable proguard obfuscation 
add main method 
msn logo icons moved to the resources package 
make the realm getter protected again 
raise jbosh version to 0 . 7 . 0 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 12 
upgrade es upstream 
update readme . md 
add zip bundling for windows 
snapshot 
updates to api documentation 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 1 . 2 
let travis handle python 2 . 6 and get the jdk via apt . 
updated hockeysdk jar to 3 . 0 version 
lps - 48873 rename file 
change the singlefilepageswapperfactory implementation name from striped to single , because we might want to stripe over files later 
fix master branch cordova version to 3 . 1 . 0 - dev 
fix a typo . 
bump version to v1 . 6 . 2 . 
tweak docs 
updating changelog . 
add a javadoc pointer from discretedomain to discretedomains . 
implement missing method getglobalposition 
updated changelog 
seems like i finally fixed the top menu position for smaller resolutions 
added jacoco plugin version to hazelcast - build - utils module to fix build warning . 
fixed debug logging to be compatible with py3k 
updated changelog and contributors file 
make submittedmessage volatile , just in case . 
update readme . md 
change test to large 
fix plugin sample ' s dependency on support lib . 
fixed a formatting issue 
fixed a potential cpu cache issue . 
beta - 1 version bump 
include forwarding modules into npm package 
revert " don ' t generate compiled bytecode files for skeleton generator in the application directory ( py - 15907 ) " 
lps - 40933 puts device preview on top of dockbar and other elements 
beta1 
udpates to ml demo 
sonar - 5718 fix infinite scrolling in ff 
apparently jetgroovy has a bug in optimizeimports . . . 
add a 4g icon for lte . 
use sqlcipher 3 . 3 . 1 
update mapdb to 1 . 0 . 8 
gremlin is a provided depdendency . 
added back gtest . zip 
missing import from pr # 283 . 
updated library reference 
update to new version of the build scan plugin 
update readme . md " current translations " to include irish 
update scripting . asciidoc 
update the changelog with ip address change 
added storm - 615 to changelog . 
rename / system / lib / drm / plugins / native / to / system / lib / drm - plugin / 
update spongecommon 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 7 . 
move to classloaderutils to new package 
open class 
update configure sh 
add readme 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 8 . 1 
upgraded spring 3 . 1 profile to 3 . 1 . 2 . 
previous commit left out change to gradle . properties , adding 
differentiate the package name of the debug vs . release build . 
minor fix for long tag length 
updated jmh config to version 1 . 10 . 3 and to include gc measurements 
update readme . md 
px left shift for connections list 
bump version number 
closes # 2786 , pixmappacker # updatetextureatlas returned prematurely . 
default start_rpc to true in config 
updated version number to 2 . 4 . 7 
unset - - offline flag 
default branch is now ' master ' not ' origin / master ' 
update spongecommon ref . 
added version checker 
revert wkwebview for compatibility with older os x 
travis . yml updated 
enforce creation of the start timestamp in unittest . bash 
add fowner capability 
performance tests 
temporarily disabled download of sources and javadoc for ' maven ' project to get rid of resolve errors 
change jts version to 1 . 13 ( includes 0 - length locationindexedline fix ) 
add placeholder default route icon for webapp ( should have addedd this as part of r454 ) . 
adds forward reference to release 0 . 2 . 0 in the dockerfile 
samples update 
updated date in sdk license 
fixing attribution for hadoop - 6989 in changes . txt 
upgrade gecko to 1 . 1 . 3 
bump build tools in travis 
update readme . md 
don ' t let the build break ! 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 28 
add storm - 1966 to changelog 
update version 
lps - 55761 update arquillian junit bridge to latest snapshot 
added storm - 1553 to changelog 
updated example yml keystorepath - > keystore per the new config 
also removed jdk7 travis builds as we ' re deprecating runtime support for java 7 ( but keeping the language compatibility at that level ) . 
add tape 1 . 1 . 0 . 
fix concurrent headset and hdmi connection 
intern dbref . ns 
truncate column names in frame list . 
updated art . 
revert change preventing null ssid in a wificonfiguration 
idea - 74932 map help button of the groovy code style 
use changecursor instead of swapcursor , so the old cursor is closed . 
add css rules to server - topic links . 
license text added 
lps - 53357 start from zero 
description 
update readme . md 
system . exit added 
upgrade to latest pants release . 
actually close websockets 
asttransformationcustomizertest . testanyexpressionasparametervalue fails from time to time on the ci - server , so try to make it more stable by giving it more time to succeed 
set otr session in chatview . onbind . 
update spongecommon 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 4 . 8 - snapshot ' . " 
zeppelin - 1308 apache ignite version upgraded up to 1 . 7 
lps - 66136 move css file 
version 1 . 0 . 0 - rc - 2 . 
fix travis bug . 
update changelog 
remove java 7 from travis build . 
remove graphics 
alternately patched avro jar 
ignoring maven output and intellij files 
accessibilitynodeinfo refresh returns a stale state . 
lps - 22278 remove unneeded dlfileentry table join for dlfolderfinder . countfs_byg_f_s ( reverse - merged from 
 ' zuul - 1 . 0 . 10 - snapshot ' . 
increase delay after updating a build script , to workaround the fact that the fs doesn ' t notify about changed timestamp fast enough 
updating banner images 
fixed cancel button in landscape account activity 
maven - jar - plugin version bump ( # 3305 ) 
modified readme . md 
rc - 3 / 230 version bump 
libexpat now exports its headers . 
depend on android support library 20 . 0 . 0 
completely reverted change on log4j dependency . 
fix for rajawalirenderer . setcamera ( ) didn ' t update the 
enable lint to fail the build . 
added dependency with apache commons configuration jar 
lps - 68822 use latest gradle - plugins - workspace 
jsch updated to 0 . 1 . 52 
add release notes for # 1112 
new table background color added 
correct travis ci jobs being killed 
add browser version to issue template 
renaming part 10 ( fix error in clients pom file ) 
update maven - antrun - plugin to 1 . 8 , issue # 644 
added temporary cordova splash for now 
oh travis , i didn ' t realize that you needed some new build tools ! 
unset _java_options in compile . sh 
link to the java 6 docs instead 
updated for 4 . 0 - beta3 . 
add oraclejdk8 for travis 
update cmake for openssl in el capitan osx 
updated changelog . textile . 
install mono on the macos travis builds . 
forgot to start the thread 
updated recovery . zip with better error handling 
update rctcamera . m 
update debian version for 1 . 2 . 2 release 
revert " lps - 48038 i made a jdk 6 version for now " 
fixed testdata 
diagnostics project needs cunit for integration tests 
set camera pointer to nil when stopping session in emulator ( # 523 ) 
update readme . md 
update to build tools 19 . 1 . 0 . 
update changes . txt 
change heading level for " getting started " section . 
back to - dev 
sip logo and sip connecting icon 
upgrade android gradle plugin 
only ci build the master branch 
exclude license . txt in packaging options . 
zookeeper - 589 . 
travis . yml corrected 
add migration notice 
update gradle 
add transition screenshots 
same fail with standardize = 0 
another this . mdestoryed ( ) check on the updatethread . 
add enable cookie setting 
fix module pom for maven 
update news 
updating version . txt top section 
prepare release acra - 4 . 4 . 0 
commit and push - > commit and push . . . 
storm - 751 move javadoc aggregate to site phase . 
added storm - 1370 to changelog 
update changelog for storm - 474 
fixed wrong configuration method name 
add hivetype . tostring ( ) 
finished renaming file airplane . png 
createinput using ajax 
update spongecommon for world gen checks . 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc7 - snapshot ' . 
if after changing name a files becomes compilable by some compiler , mark it as requiring compilation ( ideadev - 33615 ) 
fix " too many open files " error for aapt built with mac os x sdk 10 . 6 . 
lps - 58662 i assume order matters , so let ' s add a line break 
added generic package to osgi exports . 
update readme . md 
javadoc plugin configuration fixed 
update readme . md 
rename platformmbeanmessages step 2 
zlfile class name will not be mangled 
bump version of the plug in 
kind of need said central syntaxerror 
update version to next snapshot version number 1 . 1 . 1 - snapshot 
added targetplatform module 
lps - 26255 deploy plugin with resources / actions in clustered portal 
calculate hash on adding book 
updating version . txt top section 
changed suppress warnings message to suppress guice annotation processor error that is caused by multiple constructors annotated with @ inject to make it more clear / specific . 
add project file constant to shared project header 
updated refs of publish feed 
updated travis config 
screenshot 
reactivated the rxjava - core tests 
update storingdata . md 
install schematool in debian package 
commit access test 
leiningen installation instructions 
decompiler updated ( context cleaning ) 
ruby - * to . 
update handlebar to the latest mustache version 
removed redhogs email address from apache example conf 
add image of dir tree to haxm 
update spongecommon 
update maven ant tasks 
update msn lib to latest changes . 
added to do list 
 ( no message ) 
corrected a typo from @ maxwell1987 
back physicaldatasource 
the next version will be 1 . 0 - milestone - 2 
new todo item 
debug shippable build 
added clojure . ipr and clojure . iws to . 
updated to 1 . 0 . 1 of sqliteassethelper jar 
updated changelog 
add jruby 2 . 0 mode . 
 / / github . com / antlr / antlr4 / pull / 880 
updated reference to library after adding support to set user agent 
update changelog 
new todo items 
fix failing test 
changelog 1 . 7 . 2 release date 
also shuffle intra - chunk after rebalancing classes . 
remove nofeature from tests 
update readme . md 
update changes . txt 
db2dialect # supportslobvaluechangepropogation = = false 
fix setting of media direction in conference - information . 
going back to r11 of support lib , since r12 is not in maven central yet 
auto version modules during releases 
updated license date 
resource bundle editor duplicates entries when " new property " action is used idea - 141669 
update demo 
updating version . txt top section 
increment version number 
added upgrades . txt to index of installation - deployment chapter 
because i don ' t want to have to tweak the crap outta my compiler to make 
no version 1 yet . 
delete jdk 7 option from travis . 
updated changelog 
reversing immediately after starting animator ends it 
travis configuration 
version 2 . 0 . 5312 of emma . 
add missing ' a ' in authentication 
add missing headers to iosarrayclass . 
added fuzzing script icons 
release version 4 . 0 . 0 . 
test to assert css cache is on by default 
correct call to daemon_get_pid 
create tzdw - 100 . 
update changelog . md 
updated changelog 
testng 5 . 4 
tostring ( ) 
delete test file 
patch to make checkstyle run . 
update es / upstream to be jkd8 compatible 
update changes 
trying to fix the manual build after anders tips 
fix a grammatical error in readme 
remove unnecessary @ suppresswarnings . 
update readme . md 
incorrect sparsecolumnmatrix . numslices ( ) causes indexexception in tostring ( ) 
update to latest android build tools 
update rest - client module to 7d8785c6ec3f2cde732679b2875af840ea4058fe . 
mahout - 1449 update the known issues in random forests page 
lps - 33513 match other comment in this class that also used / / statistics vs / / stats 
shield from jdk 7 only container 
updated outdated default setting in doc . 
make sure to close your cursors ! 
readme . md 
lps - 66244 fix semantic versioning for portal - profile 
bump build tool to 1 . 3 . 1 
upgrade poi 3 . 0 . 1 
e doesn ' t exist on solaris 
update version 
java 6 only . 
fastarray doesn ' t overwrite tostring ( ) method 
get deprecation warnings 
lps - 61984 update themes task cache 
move javapredict runit to nopass . 
add comment on using a background thread 
remove targetsdkversion from library . 
added jake wharton to contributors . 
fixing import optimisation on type caused compilation failure 
travis test removing components 
corrected cobertura test code coverage 
flexible python path in env . 
update sources 
camel - 7209 fixed the unit test failure of xmlconvertertest 
prepared for next development iteration 
fill placeholders in license . txt 
update readme . md 
lps - 29533 error when viewing detail of a deleted document 
update readme . md 
add useful flag to template gradle . properties 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 48613 
sonar - 8445 add module sonar - db - migration to db - unit qa axes 
add newline to fix signing configuration 
update spongecommon 
fix name of alert sound 
add changes entry for bulk operations 
update spongecommon 
fix clean 
delete malmomissiontable_currenttasks_v . 2 . 0 . 
lps - 533 - liferay . service using post method instead of get 
modified a bit of test data 
ensure env is passed to dockerlayer actions so xzcat works 
ninja changes for 10979 
update libweexcore . so 
updated changelog 
renaming jar files . 
downgrade openid to use httpclient 4 . 1 . 1 to avoid bug in openid4java ' s usage of httpclient 
add warning to nod add newpipe to playstore 
revert " appveyor skip verify to let it cache maven repo " 
change access level to private 
reinstate deleted @ author tag 
increment version to 4 . 0 . 0 . build - snapshot 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 3 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
drfparams type to allow launching randomforest from command line . 
fixing classpath for javadoc 
make travis work on master branch and send to ml 
mahout - 1450 cleaning up clustering documentation 
fix upload script . 
set minheapsize for tests in order to hopefully fail fast if there ' s not enough memory in ci environments . 
added release notes to snapshot version . 
 ' 1 . 56 . 42 - snapshot ' . 
set z - index on diagnostics popup 
added missing trailing slash to example config url 
needed if you need to compile the library by itself 
working on sip support 
fix target sdk version doesn ' t match android support library version bug in sample project 
added model arg to the after filter and exception arg to the afterview filter to make it more explicit that they ' re available 
upgrade commons - lang ' s version to 2 . 6 
retina add icon 
added gradle . properties to . 
to english dictionary 
bumped version 
update styles . css 
forgot to import h2o_util 
fix transaction ( ) returning null 
set source encoding to utf - 8 
ninja - fix missing test file 
changed icon for intellij plugin 
remove obsolete flush_index_buffer_size_in_mb config param 
remove unnecessary methods from interface 
checkstyle 
updated readme . md 
minor pom . xml change . 
create index by _id . 
cobertura plugin is managed 
add file to images 
update readme . md 
lps - 27278 updating alloy to ac0f898 ; 
snapshot 
version 0 . 9 . 17 
improve travis ci build to include integration tests and multiple jdks 
make mesh static by default 
add 1 . 8 changelogs 
reduce noise by maven - javadoc - plugin 
lrqa - 24702 move the test and rename 
pre release snapshot 
added as a new section to be filled . 
close in example 
better error recovery for p2d , use p3d instead 
update styles . css 
simplify overqualified css element 
travis updated android - 22 and build tools dependency 
mac natives 
fixed test for changes to ' model ' report output . 
update version 
if we have a cache - miss in repository loading , return a deep copy 
fix bug # 6480486 zero width non - joiner and zero width joiner rendered weirdly 
set mservicecreated to false when ondestroy ( ) . 
lep - 4656 - action icons in document library are aligned wrong 
added storm - 1849 to changelog . 
prepare for next release 
set jetty - test - helper version 
an insignificant modification meant to trigger a cc build . 
remove left over messages . log file 
fixed warning at startup about the missing gremlin engine 
pass correct args to execv 
update version name and version code with the next development iteration version 0 . 2 . 5 - snapshot 
updated symbolic link to credits 
add support for building rs support with neon intrinsics 
add a note about changes . 
update readme . md 
add dependency on slice to presto - hive 
add yarn - 4367 to 2 . 8 . 0 . 
correct checkstyle error . 
add new asset for swagger 
temporarily removing the yahoo slick so that we get a successful build until 
add app plugin to prepare for docker builds 
final post release 
bump version to snapshot 
since not needed on member since it is the same as the class 
fix gitbook version 
set for release 
lps - 52365 let ' s not throw exception here 
check restricted for file name instead of method name 
remove eng developement local tags in make file 
parselong for primitives 
post installation test fixed with respect to new package of annotation class table 
update build tools to 21 . 0 . 2 . 
adds travis - ci configuration 
we sent a response the client , which immediately sends a new request . 
repair the getitem callback twice 
fix build file 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
optimize it 
bump common for hopefully a timings fix . 
fixed wrong reference to owncloud library 
adding ossmetadata for netflixoss tracking 
lps - 11221 source formatting ( added a line break ) 
tweak padding of prefs section choose for windows high dpi 
update readme to point to protobuf - gradle - plugin 0 . 7 . 4 
add android - 18 for robolectric 
up app version 
update changelog 
lps - 65726 new api added , updating packageinfo 
prerequisite changed to maven 3 . 1 . 1 
add storm - 1277 to changelog 
lps - 18152 rollback build . xml change , make it a dependency the other way around 
added the travis . yml file , maybe it will do something interesting 
updated copyright to 2016 
add service_graph 
pass environment from settings to console process . 
more gradle 2 . 4 
archiver to use dates as default 
updated changelog 
moved " custom dumpapp plugins " to another section in readme 
added new gif for the fill after . 
no need for autoconf 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 6 . 
updated demo2 
add 512x512 graphic 
update readme 
updated changelog 
commented out failing test case i committed by accident 
documented cookie attribute in release notes 
scroll component in view on selection ( ideadev - 11994 ) 
updated changelog for storm - 173 
removed a redundant call to setdefaultbutton 
fix for bug 6872613 need to revert back to a less hacky arabic font 
updated sbt jar to 0 . 12 . 1 
update screenshots 
svm . java for libsvm 3 . 18 
update nebuladotnetflixoss gradle plugin from 3 . 2 . 3 to 3 . 3 . 0 
made neo4j - manual dependency optional . 
updated to 1 . 1 . 5 - snapshot 
dist task 
lps - 53821 removing main . css because it is not used 
copy for tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 1 
don ' t recycle native bitmap after the finalizer is called . 
tfj - 266 fixed test . properties 
don ' t upload anything if - pnoupload ( helpful for testing promotion build ) . 
avoid unsupportedoperationexception 
update changelog . md 
moving json . org ' s test class to test directory 
updated changes . txt with bug fix for incorrect column number . 
added curcontext . blendfunc to fake - dom . 
portal - workflow - kaleo - runtime - api 2 . 1 . 0 packageinfo 
update cacheversion in bundle . js 
don ' t draw terminal content out of the terminal panel component ( idea - 125317 ) . 
update readme . md 
fixed blog display to show ( no blog title ) if the blog has an empty title . 
increase forkevery slightly for tooling api int tests 
bump version 
updated for 4 . 4 . 1 ( test release ) . 
moving back to jersey 1 . 3 to fix an odd jaxrs loading bug in neoserver . 
wrong test switched to passing 
reduce parallel threads for ci 
removed invalid module reference . 
 add unistd . h for getpid ( ) 
updated changelog 
forgot the scope on the junit - addons , and is breaking the build 
changes . txt 
fixed the build error of camel - bindy 
update readme . md 
update todo comment 
lps - 27113 portlet property is acutally prefix for several different properties 
updated ioutils 
remove a spurious symlink 
update the changelog 
update openbsd - x86 - 64 natives 
trait missing as a keyword in groovy documentation ( tweak asciidoc formatting ) 
remove java 1 . 7 method 
removes all local symbols from the libgrowl4j . dylib ( using strip - x as suggested by lyubomir marinov ) . 
added onionkit external submodule 
enable es_include 
update retrofit version to the latest stable one . 
bumped version to 0 . 6 - groovy - 1 . 7 
improved ant build instructions . 
changelog update 
update library reference , oc - android - library - 0 . 9 . 9 
update ios / ocrplugin / readme . 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 20 - snapshot ' . 
prepare next release v0 . 87 . 1 - snapshot 
update changelog 
mark setaccessibilitydelegate ( ) ' s argument as @ nullable 
attaching javascript compression to the compile phase 
update android gradle plugin to 2 . 2 . 3 . 
add a few more tests to pyunit smoke test list 
updated email in ensemble docs 
removed old static html file from git . 
update snapshot version to 1 . 3 
update m2e eclipse plugin for kepler 
lps - 56660 upgrade process to ddmstructurelink 
version 1 . 4 . 0 - rc - 1 . 
update build . gradle 
update favorite list height in preference popup . 
release version 4 . 0 . 0 . 
cc test was successfull , removed fail call 
removed last remains of groovy - all - tests subproject 
hive - 3729 error in groupsetexpression rule in hive grammar 
readme 
fixed name of chome window , connects to # 297 
 ' 0 . 7 . 10 - snapshot ' . 
prepare version 26 - beta1 . 
pom . xml exclusion for jruby - complete 
follow change in parent . 
lps - 63751 drop illegal index for " name " column 
update readme . md 
make the release plugin generate tags according to junit convention 
update readme 
mark testremovebinarydelaydefault as problematic 
renamed collection / readme for contibutors 
update readme . md 
lps - 59180 extract facebook . jsp 
compile linux - amd64 against glibc 2 . 3 . 6 , with glibc_2 . 2 . 5 as newest symbol 
mention sqlcipher in the android features 
revert " adding cool file " 
updating readme . 
set unsubscribed true 
this file contains computer - dependent settings and should not be stored in a common repository 
don ' t include classpath . index file generated by idea to layout 
benchmarks removed 
added new active scanner testuseragent to alerts . xml 
test_all should no longer care about the bundler version ( now that we ' re > 1 . 1 ) 
update debian / changelog for 3 . 10 
remove jar from repo , add it to . 
update spongecommon for mixinpacketbuffer fix . 
update titan - es . 
added a sleep 5 to give the server more time to start up 
add link to release page 
added missing param linfinity_cap w / default 
fix # 10 
todo 
 / / developers . google . com / maps / documentation / android - api / signup # add_the_api_key_to_your_application ( # 300 ) 
remove final 
added fake large icons 
set travis jdk to java8 
move rctnativeanimatedmodule onto the main queue 
add alias for multiton 
update android build tools 
call application . oncreate ( ) from createapplication ( ) 
disable failing on javadocs failure ( # 765 ) 
force using hadoop - minicluster 2 . 3 . 0 
fix release notes . 
ignoring project files 
upgraded hibernate - validator dependency 4 . 0 . 0 . 
add http api autodetect to changes . txt 
updated version to 1 . 2 
update wrapper jar . 
update mongo - controller . 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 45628 
prevent surfaceflinger from using layer token 31 . 
make sure we fire the event from the io - thread . 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - rc3 - snapshot 
empty log message * * * 
python language is default for new course 
more gfx 
configuration not needed any more . 
language keys 
remove redundant dependency version 
travis ci fixed build 
test fixes - soblogs - dependencies 
switch client default style to color30 
the basic server skeleton is in place ( albeit a very rudimentary skeleton ) . 
finish making the mapping visitor public 
since the javascript solutions were moved to their own repo in 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 138 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / osgi / . 
update to latest utils submodule 
util subproject 
use the brew - cask already installed by travis ci 
move this test to standalone , as it ' s useless in core ( no languages available there ) 
update constants . gradle ( # 158 ) 
travis config updated 
summary runs faster and more error messages included 
added new logo - - - designed with jen . 
re - add travis_wait to script 
wip9 
removing unnecessary ( implicit ) dependency 
also closes the executor containing the connections 
fixed changes 
moved writeresult from driver - core to driver 
the reference to getfunctionname was causing this to fail for me . 
updated label to 0 . 81 - beta - 2 
updated tinkerpop blueprints 
new todo item 
release new version 
update readme 
update issue_template . 
removed unused file 
make one less thing people have to change 
groovy settings for eclipse 
fix android tools build gradle to 0 . 13 . 
new icon for sweave prefs 
update ' modules / apps / sync / . 
fix for grails - 5801 " groovy - all - 1 . 6 . 7 . jar in grails 1 . 2 . 1 is actually a snapshot . 
bump graylog2 - plugins version 
 + " aufrecht - zu - erhalten " 
removed blank space at end of line in config file 
jetty 7 . 2 . 2 
rebuild ia64 - linux 
fixed a bug in abstractclitestcase where processes that were waiting 
fix for amazon new and used ellipsizing the actual price 
updates android plugin version to 0 . 6 + 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
enforce redundantreturn of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
lps - 44087 ; lps - 43531 - update alloy 2 . 0 . x to 0e93f2ba381ea1b7b0149feee0844c7b09ab0a87 
upgrade to snakeyaml 1 . 9 . 
update pty4j to handle older windows 10 version number = 6 . 3 
removed tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 1 
update news 
undo the change from - - that change was unnecessary because we already set options . renameprefixnamespace in commandlinerunner at line 1108 
add assets file from standart android source . 
move demo / tests to check phase 
update npm - shrinkwrap 
rename wrong named priorityjobqueue 
fix a jsdoc comment 
update spongecommon . 
use ringbuffer . initial_cursor_value constant rather than - 1l ; 
update thrift jar to current recommended revision 
fix support annotations build . gradle file 
upgrade compilesdkversion to 22 
rename changelog . md to changelog . md 
make each heading in the manual a link to make referencing them easier . 
zip up symlinks as symlinks 
added storm - 1449 to chagelog 
updated changes 
added storm - 1082 to changelog 
changelog for 0 . 9 . 0alpha7 
fixing incorrect import 
init utils readme 
modified resources . arsc file to make some resources public . 
evil evil hack no longer needed . 
remove unused import in globalthroughput component . 
upgrade to netty 3 . 5 . 3 , closes # 2119 . 
jal - 36 add image notes to good for proprietary licenses 
lps - 45983 add a line break since one depends on the other 
upgrade to mongodb 2 . 6 . 0 
added change log 0 . 5 . 1 
revert microba 
upgrade to airlift 0 . 68 - snapshot 
update top level pom to know about subproject shell 
back to 3 . 0 . 0 - snapshot version 
added sleep to avoid null error after most recent change to not break api 
tostring ( ) method to give better log errors . 
add comment to deprecated tag 
lps - 62384 move to package . json 
update readme . md 
updated com . jakewharton . sdkmanager to 0 . 12 
optimize to_maven script 
add slack chat notifications 
a few more 
removed import of non - existent file 
file to test languagetool integration into ooo 
update news 
hhh - 11016 - added ' if exists ' for sequence drop statements for postgresql82 and derivatives . 
javaee artifact types added 
added test for deparenthesize 
revert " lps - 68025 match version " 
redissonmultimap . keyset . size fixed 
get rid of yellow code from bnf 
update jar 
increase line - height for bullets in help 
prepping for objc merge 
update spongecommon 
update android gradle plugin to 0 . 14 . 4 . 
prepare for release 
lps - 47293 you don ' t need this because the @ generated already excludes it 
temporarily set abortonerror to false 
make createarchive gradle target invoke api check 
removed unused gradle import 
updating changelog . 
functests suite update 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 59 - snapshot 
lps - 66660 the servlet ' s info is queried by equinox before it has been initialized 
tweak test 
cleaned up test script in package . json 
updated changelog 
updated changelog 
lps - 60082 apply to verifyportletpreferences 
fml finish won ' t updatemcp automatically , easier integration with forge . 
fix build script for generating md5s 
remove unused xerces jar 
update changes 
update spongecommon for build fix . 
update spongecommon for npe fix . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 77 
update with a larger diagram 
bump k9mail - lib 
add authors file . 
guard navigator from dismatching gestures . 
updated logo more according to new icon 
added storm - 1425 to changelog 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 60 
updated scope of commons collections to ' test ' 
move version base to 1 . 3 
always use version of the next version 
up version 
fix for 3458686 play button is enabled before loading the transition . 
added storm - 965 to changelog . 
update readme . md 
xss protection header scanner renamed 
rename timepoint . java to timepoint . java 
update readme . md with valid code example . 
mark backgroundpowersaver countactiveactivitystrategy parameter as deprecated per # 228 
try re - ordering of travis - ci config 
only threadpoolsize should be necessary 
incremented version properties 
tweak s3 doc 
git cleanup 
don ' t run emulator and exclude github pages for builds 
update ci_macosx . 
update readme . md 
lps - 43207 mobile preview is not available when user is at the bottom of the page 
missing file 
updated changelog with storm - 1054 
better default value for second it cateogy 
remove " b " in fopen of load_model 
updating changelog 
add sample apk 
updated todo 
link to jps repository corrected 
def would create a local variable , but we want to access the field 
 " rearranger " 
lps - 30517 mediawiki throws error when page does not exist 
snapshot 
adding cmyk constant for future expansion 
remove old lib folder 
import entitymanager into core 
correct copyright info 
hdfs - 6517 . 
downgrade version for beta apk in store 
set anchors for each section in groovy ascii docs 
update readme . md 
fix trivial equals implementation 
updating all components to use version 3 of the parent pom . 
reset build identifiers for next minor release cycle 
remove avalon from pom temporary 
add a link to my project otherwise no one knows what i ' m talking about . 
should this test still exist ? ? ? 
removed unnecessary import leading to py - 3718 . 
lps - 66937 adding new packageinfo 
switch off debug in secure sample 
update readme . md 
fix typo in redis / readme . 
update testng dep 
cb - 7044 fix typo in prev commit causing check_reqs to always fail . 
remove ntlm module from pom 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 4 
snapshot 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 0 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
removed errant autocloseable . 
correct sdk level 
bump version 
bundled ant 1 . 8 . 1 
update gradle version 
remove reference of yarn . version in yarn / pom . 
upgrade to commons - io 2 . 5 
removed reference zip file , preparing to relocate it , added to . 
compile libxml2 with the - - with - threads option . 
xerces 2 . 9 . 1 bundled 
lps - 41732 avoid resizing image cropper on ie8 
initial load - manifest template for bson . jar 
update ' modules / apps / ip - geocoder / . 
add analysis - phonetic module 
update changelog 
our button style is used by default . 
changed travis conf . 
kafka - 1320 ; change compression . codec to compression . type in new producer configs of system tests ; patched by guozhang wang ; reviewed by jun rao 
removing the glossary from the output . 
grails - 7034 remove transactional = true from service template 
updated the changelog 
update changes . md 
use the better ioexception type ( any other exception is totally unexpected ) . 
upgrade to bytebuddy 1 . 4 . 8 . 
modify error in readme 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 95 
grails - 6290 removed println 
new rev of jikes 
upgrade to apache commons httpclient 4 . 4 
upgraded version in pom 
updated readme 
kafka - 424 . 
lrqa - 28723 add test properties for osgi configs 
remove some text shadows in the javadoc styling . 
update readme . md 
we don ' t need libopencore_author and libcutils in libmedia_jni 
update readme . md 
update to use spongegradle 
push version to 14 . 0 . 2 , 11265 . 
upgrade to joda - time 1 . 1 
fixing phpunit invocation 
removed old preview file 
disable variable shadowing with the - - debug flag as it isn ' t handled gracefully and is really confusing . 
updated readme , cosmetic change test 
update joda 2 . 3 . 2 
gradle updates 
build number 114 
updated to do 
refresh checkpoints 
provide an iterator backed implementation for iterator dgm dropright rather than convert to a list ( additional test - fix for java 1 . 7 ) 
create link to demo app 
update description 
use prettify ( best highlight so far ) 
add mnemonic to " delete " button in " branch is not fully merge " dialog appearing on branch deletion . 
add forgotten static file robots . txt 
lps - 25439 - moving liferay sync icon to common 
fix for crash when receiving a video call when permission for video camera was denied . 
updated avs to 2 . 9 . 17 ( fixed audio - 1116 ) 
update graylog2 - rest - client submodule , fixes # 869 
remove bad impl idea from play spec 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portal . kernel . security , increment version to 6 . 3 . 0 
add storm - 1453 to changelog 
bumping up version of rest api generation . 
 / / github . com / osmandapp / osmand / issues / 2080 
typo fix in readme 
use default jdk for travis build 
don ' t include all of the user guide src as input files to the task that transforms the assembled dsl reference 
note about patch from @ gohai 
with newline at eof . 
lps - 67640 add ant descriptor 
removed survey link 
style search menu icon 
make sure to unset host when doing the rake - compiler dance 
added todo - mid term goal is to implement nice functional / immutable 
move react folder from views 
updated changelog 
build with gradle plugin 1 . 3 . 0 - beta2 ( was 1 . 3 . 0 - alpha3 ) 
quick fix queue init load 
fix edge label positionning . 
more images . 
put range back in for parsers as error alt . 
change to version 1 . 4 of gpg plugin 
changes in samples 
updated version 
update changes . log . 
update splash . gif 
activate connections tab when new connection is opened 
update readme . md 
targetsdkversion is unknown attribute and won ' t compile in eclipse 
setting default name for master 
do not use sun ' s internal notimplementedexception , use the standard unsupportedoperationexception instead 
remove a file 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 52 
run tests in parallel on travis 
adding syntax highlight for querydsl - lucene4 / readme . md 
added professional image for parallel gateway process 
compile with android 4 . 0 . 3 by default . 
readded git link that was erraneously removed by the rebase 
update library reference to 0 . 9 . 3 version 
fix news for # 2191 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 7 
copyright 
changed the close method to be private 
core - 1922 3 . 2 . 0 regression due to core - 1721 
fixing transitive - ness of provided 
two proposals 
update setup . iss 
update readme . md 
update library reference * after * merging library change into develop 
added basename for uberjar task 
add echo off to cqlsh . bat 
added a useful note pointing at website / publish script . 
added logo 
mahout - 1775 filenotfoundexception caused by aborting the process of downloading wikipedia dataset , closes apache / mahout # 162 
fix minhash docs level 
downgrade jacoco to 0 . 7 . 4 for better compatibility with jenkins 
add trailing newline to flink - conf . 
add xhdpi application icon 
conform gelf specs change 
portal - rules - engine - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
fix deadlock in remote debugger ( py - 18546 ) 
updated changelog 
add chown capability 
lps - 47262 group is already being deleted in basedlapptestcase 
use higher z - index for modal backdrop 
remove templates field 
create readme . md 
o expose the resumable download setting in simpleasynchttpclient . derivedbuilder 
don ' t compile before tests if nokogiri_ffi is set . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / frontend - taglib / . 
jetlanguage says that it is case - sensitive language now . 
add break statement so we don ' t fall through to adding too much to boarding time . 
updated reference to library 
renamed a method for better readability 
since we return current the check should be > = 0 
added a default image to show while the application starts 
dispose previous root model when changing to a new one without events 
add minimizejar to jdbc / pom . 
minor in naming on cmdline . xml . vm 
oops , don ' t want the bin dir 
bump to version alpha - 7 
check a return value from # errors . 
prepare release astyanax - 1 . 0 . 2 - snapshot 
update changelog for rb770372 
updates for release 3 . 2 . 0 
revert " upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 5 " 
setting to ' development mode ' 
update fontawesome . ttf to version 4 . 4 . 0 
upgrade oss - parent 
increment version to 4 . 0 . 0 . build - snapshot 
upgraded the version of gradle to 1 . 9 . 
test for existence of the protoc compiler 
core - 2547 liquibase . database . core . db2database - improper resource shutdown or release 
bump to version alpha - 9 
improved fetching of android target and abi 
lps - 63706 task cache 
fix kickmaterial case . 
log a warning when a navigation is blocked by the whitelist 
forgot patch minor again > . 
lrqa - 13508 - use get - testcase - property macrodef to get testcase custom propeties 
trying to resolve some unit - test failures 
add storm - 1068 
fix build for example project 
update readme . md 
create readme . md 
fix typo 
show test exceptions in travis ci build 
update spongecommon for tracking api implementation . 
core - 1506 updatesql generates invalid sql for oracle 
update encryption . md 
drop leftover getglue - java source files . 
update readme . md 
updated changelog for storm - 315 
reverted version back to 1 . 2 - snapshot . 
update spongecommon for entitytracker async checks . 
specify felix maven plugin verion 
changed for android gradle plugin 0 . 9 
include outbound socket exceptions at debug level 
make modified_huber gbm test nopass . 
adjust travis versions to test on 
fix planned release date 
latest groovy jar with xmlslurper updates 
rc - 3 / 211 version bump 
deleting older docs 
if any exception happen on ipython_010 import try to import ipython_011 . 
ui . png to lwjgl backend . . . 
remove ' buildsrc / lib ' entry from . 
change version 
removed changes . tgz 
correct a typo 
only deploy with tags 
lps - 64588 remove old lar 
switch to plugin pom 
update readme . md 
update changelog . md 
clear authentication list when re - connect java - 127 
override akka extensions 
update changelog . md 
updated icons from paul 
bump version to 1 . 0 . 2 - snapshot 
fix setting of title in graphview constructor 
update news 
added guavalib target to j2objc . gyp . 
update changes . txt 
update spongecommon for chunk invalid uuid lookup fix . 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . trash . model , increment version 
changes 
update to org . mortbay . apache . jsp 8 . 0 . 9 . 
add arabic to the list of translated release notes 
groovy not checking generics information correctly for covariant methods implementing interfaces ( fix stray legacy test ) 
fix donation activity title 
add extra - google - m2repository in travis 
getscript method added 
don ' t restrict rpm to only 32 bit linux 
fixed multiple cursors issue on clicking ' clear all annotations ' ( cursor is being removed now ) . 
update drink . ogg to a new version supplied by mcourteaux - fixes # 262 
pdf license now removed . 
removed accidentally added log / zip files 
usedeprecatedndk 
upgrade to hamcrest 1 . 3 . 
bump version 
fixing test instructions in readme 
add missing changelog entry 
lowered check for 2g memory to under 1975 
fix missing resource in sample 
added high resolution web icon 
updated studio with minor bug fixing 
bump version to 0 . 0 . 3 . 
update readme . md 
fix bug 5121406 - actionbar . setlogo 
use same activemq version as parent 
update alloy to 2 . 0 . x - deprecated 32c0147 
update to latest fastadapter 
svn , decrease timeout in test 
adds apksigner attribute to android_sdk . 
 ' 0 . 14 . 7 - snapshot ' . 
added tvdpi assets , fixes 9 patch scale on nexus 7 
upgrade to netty 4 . 0 . 15 ( closes # 245 ) . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 10 - snapshot 
add jmdns . jar 
follow change in parent . 
travis configuration file 
lps - 2994 when a new page is created with " copy parent " checked the portlets are copied but the preferences are not 
write lint reports to stdout . 
update readme_zh - cn . 
upgrade to rabbitmq amqp client 3 . 6 . 5 
forgot to keep changing the seed to have a meaningful ensemble . . . 
upgrade to snappy 1 . 0 . 5 . 1 
scrollable headers and footers image 
lps - 50963 add javadoc with version in which it was deprecated 
make copyandreplace . js consistent with internal repo 
updated version to 1 . 2 . 2 - snapshot 
use latest core in iconics 
added package . html 
website - change port from 8080 to 8079 
beta3 
add demo image 
fix decls in compiler / frontend / src / jet 
adding version for surefire - plugin to get rid of a warning 
set the source encoding to utf - 8 to remove a maven warning when building 
rebuild jflex . jar with java 1 . 6 
update for oss - parent from 7 to 9 
updating alloy 
move sidebar dropdown menu a little bit higher 
version bump 
 ' 1 . 3 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
added storm - 1127 to changelog 
add travis ci config 
default wallpaper moved to nodpi 
added files via upload 
upgrade sbt to 0 . 13 . 11 
removed string resources from lib 
update spongecommon 
do not animate layout changes in episode list , closes # 245 . 
revert wrong version number 
changed persistit tests to forkmode = always 
added extra newlines at eof 
lps - 67464 copy generated jar to / lib / portal ( compiled with java 8 ) 
ported test case to groovy - syntax for asserts 
add missing @ test annotation to unit test 
update equalsverifier to 1 . 7 . 6 
lps - 8865 add comments 
change the scope for spring - boot - starter - test to test . 
updated parent version . 
update readme . md 
lps - 38289 sf 
restore forkevery = 1 . . . still troubleshooting build issues 
remove unnecessary semicolon in stringutils 
added missing @ override annotation in querycacherecord . 
update readme 
test 
don ' t force actionmenuitemview to use textallcaps 
memorizingtrustmanager updated . 
index updated for my branch only 
update readme . md 
fix for grails - 6503 " war does not include jars from compile - scoped plugins " 
correct signing service name 
update the reference of the library 
update travis 
added wait for relocationg shards to cat . shards rest test 
update changelog 
update readme . md 
remove listener in order to avoid memory leak in preferences 
delete stream alert rules together with stream . 
add flow directive to index . android . js 
point ant build to keystore 
fix browser javadoc jar build 
builder 0 . 5 . 5 
bump version number 
fixes issue voldemort / voldemort # 234 
for now switch to the org . w3c . dom api 
fix map in v2 sourcemap due to bad entry in base64 char map . 
update analysis . asciidoc 
update encryption . md 
add blob docs to index 
attempt to fix upnp discover and action problems with linux - igd and _maybe_ other routers . 
document changes to job init handler 
update changelog . 
updated junit dependency 
enforce nonullforcollectionreturncheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
update spongecommon 
alpha - 23 / 309 version bump 
set stage to beta1 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / users - admin / . 
for travis 
enabling registration for non - amazon datacenters on server startup . 
alter androidmainfest . xml to make mainactivity allow hardwareaccelerated 
more verbose output for failed test in the build log 
added missing copyright acknowledgements from source files . 
forgot to rename the hebrew api strings folder 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc11 ' . 
add sbt directory to travis ci cache 
pack received call dialog before showing it . 
fix audioformat getbytespersample to recognize float 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - search / . 
make sure to actually log when log . wtf ( ) hiccups 
print version message at server definition 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
set revision 3 . 3 . 5 . 
adding couchbase module 
library - service * branches have gone ( merged into master / ics ) 
mahout - 1446 create an intro for matrix factorization 
no need to check write_settings permission in contentprovider 
corrected attribute name for pststabtextallcaps 
sonar - 3429 in rule descriptions , " < p > " should have vertical spacing 
update news 
remove readme . md 
updated changelog 
unused import . 
lps - 33212 search result sorting should not be case sensitive 
change build . properties to 2 . 1 rc1 
disable debug 
lps - 64624 testwhileidle does not work without validationquery or validatorclassname . 
bump version 
avoid using bindservice ( ) 
camel - 4245 changed the surefire plugin version to 2 . 8 to fixed the unit test error of camel - web 
gradle fixes 
update core module 
update android - iconics core to v2 . 0 . 0 
revert version to 6 . 13 - snapshot as build is invalid 
try to combine quiet and travis_wait 
update keyword - tokenizer . 
adding xsltproc 
add eclipse support 
lps - 48191 since all tests ' classpath are unified , only portal - service / test / unit / system - ext . 
upgraded parent version . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 47 
using 1 . 1 . 0 of gradle plugin 
lps - 53724 since we haven ' t published a release of this yet , a build number of 1 will do 
bug 333875 - monitor class constructor now public 
add w3c_device_sensor_event . 
renaming the native bullet android dir . 
add logs / directory as require directory for base 
 ' 1 . 3 . 9 - snapshot ' . 
add the generated / directory for easier switching between master and develop branches 
fix project url 
use union merge for news files ( avoid conflicts in prs ) 
added storm - 699 to changelog . 
jimple throw 
add metrics constant for new settings activity 
fix for a race condition getting the store id from the cluster 
reimplement zipfilero in terms of libziparchive . 
changed default gremlin cassandra adapter to thrift 
lps - 48539 move advice to portal - test - internal module 
have output for valid configuration . 
publish all sources in given component . 
unbreak moe by adding a . 
do not cache node_modules in travis 
update gradle 
add column caching to monochromebitmapsources and use it to improve data matrix speed 
corrects tests for groovy - 2774 
update readme . md 
add performance apps for metrics and template engines 
lps - 34699 jar files 
follow - up to switch to the latest version of caliper 
turn off debug flag 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 4 
bump web version 
remove newline from infer_annotation . xml . 
fix error message if nothing found to run in the suite ( idea - 140618 ) 
remove old import 
small note on using incremental build and parallel for the improved ci design . 
stop using travis - ci cache 
treat ap0 as wifi hotspot interface 
sample fixes . 
next development version 
fix populatedependencies task 
return true when we can ' t handle a long press action . 
twl jar update so gdx - twl works on android 1 . 6 . 
fix proguard flag file dependency . 
return back normal appveyor config ( after hack ) 
r / m mis - merge of 0 . 6 . 8 version marker 
update travis for newer dependencies 
tweak migration timestamp to use different timestamp for each migration file 
 bytebuffertests , mt test was disabled . 
fixing history 
exported create - struct 
update spongecommon for chunk unload optimization . 
update todo comments 
rename credits to credits . md 
tts doesn ' t work on linux 
spelling correction in xslt docstring . 
made file permissions on openfire dist dir more strict . 
upgraded ehcache to 1 . 5 . 0 . 
update configure script . 
added storm - 162 to changelog 
add intentsadvancedsample to main settings . gradle 
flush dump output before calling score cache dump ( ) methods . 
adds jquery to notice 
fix build - update scripts 
adding file back again . 
cobertura already managed 
hey , fix that command - line bin / groovy scripts classworlds config 
adjust the messagehistory to the new localuserchatroompresencechangeevent 
i ' m sure we ' ll need to build mswin32 again someday . 
update ' modules / apps / marketplace / . 
lps - 39967 workflow version should be displayed for layout revisions as well 
update build number and version name for 2 . 6 beta 1 . 
add back symlinks at proguard config name that android build expects 
remove unused file 
lps - 33893 portalsecuritymanagerimpl sf 
revert " update to latest cacheword " 
bump master version to 3 . 3 . 0 
removed glprofile . shutdown ( ) call , jogl does it automatically 
lps - 39742 6 . 2 - ubuntu 13 . 04 " no functional impact " java . lang . illegalstateexception on shutdown when marketplace is deployed 
update readme . md 
refactored sessions to better support nosql session managers 
changelog for 0 . 8 . 9beta1 
remove null response when processing line by line with autooutput enabled 
adding launcher images for messenger . 
fix arquillian resource bundle 
update build branches 
update fml with entity spawning fixes 
removed tag roboguice - 1 . 1 
updated gradle android tools version 
alphaanimation and rotatetionanimation gifs . 
adjust build . 
changes 
prepare library for development 
update spongecommon ref . 
lps - 50178 fix a presumably copy - paste issue 
fixed typo in first line of bbb - conf 
lps - 64991 readd sdk zip 
version bump to 1 . 11 . 0 - beta . 3 
using bash specific syntax , so should declare rith shebang . . . 
added gradle installation lines 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
fix executor propagation in calloptions . 
prepare for next release 
adding one line for separate from the javadoc of next function 
increase namedhealthcheck # getname visibility to public 
update spongecommon for entityarrow fix . 
fix # 4 - update the gradle code 
added nullable annotations 
update readme . md 
bump analytics plugin version again 
added glm tweedie runits 
fix for transition regeneration not happening after changing aspect ratio of project 
remove origami from . 
new icons 
add notice 
ant build improvements 
update spongecommon 
revert back to antlr 2 . 7 . 5 until after 1 . 0 
add a missing xml tag 
move local_mapred_error_cache . 
fixing typo ' grad ; ew ' instead of ' gradle ' 
adding build on jdk8 to travis 
add analysis - kuromoji module 
update spongecommon for config and client location fixes . 
cleanup leftover tokens files from older compilations 
update version number in readme 
updating jdbi to 2 . 55 . 
use schema instead of dtd 
removed unneeded release - plugin declaration 
added changelog for open source 
better icons for goto and cherry - pick 
use default_visibility instead of visibility in package ( ) 
require os x 10 . 8 . 5 , like we say in the wiki 
added new piechart screenshot . 
move pyunit to nopass until debugged on windows . 
update spongecommon 
update to latest android build tool 
update the sample apk 
make threads configurable through environment 
lps - 62803 add build file 
fix typo in javadoc . 
modifying makefile to not link against libdl . 
use views 1 . 0 . 4 
python auto - delete models as they leave scope 
revert logging 
removed merriweather light variation assets ( since they won ' t be used ) 
bumped parent - pom - > 7 - rc5 
update sdes4j to 1 . 1 . 3 
make integtest tasks run after tests tasks using a should run after ordering rule 
revert " renamed maven assembly to jmxtrans - all . jar . " 
updated changes . txt for dbhits fix for property lookups 
updated todo 
update javapoet version 
changed the settings dialog to " alwaysontop " so it doesn ' t get lost if you click elsewhere . 
updated travis ci config to use build containers . 
updated plugin list according to new plugin structure in pycharm edu 
add private constructor for trees 
build with gradle 2 . 13 - rc - 1 . 
updated changelog 
return root node for mac tree ui 
upgrade to disruptor 3 . 3 . 0 
tidied up script 
update to oracle jre 1 . 6 . 0 u24 
default readonly to false . 
remove unused services module dependency from sysui . 
bug 289540 added javadoc into distro 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 143 - snapshot 
remove old unused test resources 
update gradle . properties 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 12 - snapshot ' . 
removed unused db reference in dbobjectcodec 
make option extend htmloptionelement instead of element 
fix handling of shortcuts with second stroke for local actions 
rename histogram to dhistogram in an effort to avoid a class name collision 
lps - 63943 temporarily exclude test modules 
fix broken listview test . 
use java 8 on travis as the samples now require it 
added missing favicon . ico 
a ` to be added ` section 
support biginteger and bigdecimal 
prevent / / snow from placing snow on some blocks that it shouldn ' t . 
also remove block from mlostblocks for delete . 
nonnls 
updated changelog 
lowering recon batch size from 7 to 3 to avoid timeout problem . 
jbpapp - 2613 
add default propagation back to explode . 
ce build fix 
v5 . 0 . 0 . b21 - snapshot 
updated changes 
makes params final 
removed unnecessary internal class 
update changes for 3733 
lps - 44056 - fixing css parsing error 
do not commit npm debug logs 
resolving a field naming conflict caused by the table join . 
update readme . md 
fix innerassignment check for lambda expressions . 
updated changelog 
travis tests on openjdk 7 and oracle 8 
remove source and javadoc file of greendao generator 
fix agentremotingfilterinvocationinterceptor for websocket configuration , missed this one when renaming " aws " to " agent - websocket " 
validate the topology 
idea - 129700 corrupted info . plist 
use r11 of v4 support library . 
add missing cmakelists entry 
cache recordsstores should be cleaned up during service shutdown 
target 2 . 1 
updated jsr305 dependency . 
forgot to add the modified test / xml / test_xpath . rb file 
added user nishanth shanakran to the developer section . 
updated recyclerview support lib to v22 
update readme . md 
small changes to build . sh for bigbluebutton apps 
nfc adapter calls package manager 
remove m2 from travis cache ; it ' s unused 
added information on how to install the toolset in ubuntu 
contextualrunnable is a bit more friendly when it throws exception 
activate docker - based build on travis ci 
remove custom guava version 
added icon - robots . txt to skip icon class generation for tips / images 
fixed react import case ( failed on case sensitive file systems ) 
push version to 11253 . 
in order to have sources jar containing only sources for consistency 
low - res first run background , fix scaling 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 26 
remove targetsdkversion from k9mail - library 
remove submodule jni / ndkbitmap 
undertow - 608 nullpointerexception in deflatingstreamsinkconduit when connections terminated 
add cache configuration for . 
correct the window constructor signature for html5 notifications . 
update mapping put should use / _mapping 
update windows bullet native 
intellij is awesome . 
osmand api in progress . 
setintegerpart ( long ) doesn ' t set arg_integer_part . 
version bump 
test for jet - 11 redeclaration & amp ; forward reference for classes cause an exception 
update android gradle plugin version to 1 . 5 . 0 
reverting back to http , since the point was to show the redirect to https 
update proeject . properties 
changed url of dslv submodule 
reset usingtls in xmpptcpconnection . shutdown ( ) 
adding storm - 1538 to changelog . md 
bluetooth is optional ( support info ) 
lps - 66883 layout - set - prototype - api semver 
add a missing wifi p2p discovery changed broadcast 
auto - call prepare ( ) for new always - on vpns 
xxhdpi version of watch - skipped icon . 
update launchclient . bat 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 1 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
add intellij files / folder to . 
change test method name 
update readme . md 
lps - 50348 - fixing alloy font awesome zip 
fixed typo in changelog and readme . 
added new easymock library that can mock abstract and regular classes 
 / / svn . apache . org / repos / asf / lucene / mahout / trunk @ 741715 13f79535 - 47bb - 0310 - 9956 - ffa450edef68 
update spongecommon for scoreboard builder changes 
lps - 50400 move asyncbrokertest to portal - impl , no change 
fixed test 
trivial change to test fix for nsis 3 . 0 issue with wine on buildbot 
add asturian 
close the message logger so that the file is closed on windows 
lps - 55909 because the previous commit add delete systemevent on the finial executing delete action . 
lrqa - 20954 add new test property for deploying osgi modules 
sync - engine - disable 
fixes default seed in another config file . 
log4j2 upgraded to beta9 
fix blocked event handling in inputdispatcher . 
include port in procfile 
update styles . css 
initialise cleanposition in the constructor . 
proofreading edu 
forgot to commit the services file 
didnt mean to make it synchronized 
code clean up in gradle file . 
update travis . yml 
use a high resolution icon 
use name if displayname = = null in tostring ( ) 
add incubating to src zip name 
update changes log . 
version bump for commons - cli to 1 . 3 . 1 
added support for jacoco test coverage 
documented the enhancement for log dumper 
update the nekodtd jar file which includes a bug fix . 
add free marker and junit in supplementarylibs 
removed system . out 
converted png to ico 
added property syntax 
update javapoet to 1 . 6 . 1 
set ascii as the default bundle encoding 
update receiver . java 
allow add file in bin dir 
bumped up intro sub - section of transactions to be first paragraph of transactions chapter 
fixing dynamic clb diagram 
test leak removed 
update ping patch 
change ic_launcher . 
adds screenshots 
add constant for server local stream 
cleaned up error reporting 
release version 1 . 2 . 2 . 
add eclibs to build directory while building view pager . 
don ' t depend on broken detection of home 
add release note 
update version . sbt 
use multi - resolution favicon for gwt app 
update library reference 
notnull 
back to 3 . 0 . 0 - snapshot 
update changelog . md 
fixed compilation problem with / nearcachekeysetinvalidationoperation 
remove fflush from hdr_percentile_print . 
seems that explicitly releasing the staging repository is not necessary 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / notifications / . 
update demo 
switch to plugin pom 
mark entity ' s default constructor with @ generated 
 ' 1 . 56 . 47 - snapshot ' . 
remove canvas size attributes from example . html , rename example . pjs to . 
snapshot 
fixed typo in index name 
update searchedittext . java 
remove spurious import 
return the disambiguated chinese relation . . . 
lps - 67881 create project build . gradle 
updated sonatype parent pom version from 7 to 9 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / osgi / . 
remove openjdk7 , add oraclejdk8 for testing 
make currency . getdefaultcurrency ( ) static 
use curl to match readr download behavior 
update apn version for mvno 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 152 - snapshot 
mark internal method as private 
test before releasing . 
upgrade to netty 3 . 5 . 7 . 
lps - 38288 set form validator to validate on blur 
clears reference to certificate dialog service on bundle stop . 
adding os to travis 
release notes 
add glide lib 
cluster . node_info 
update changelog . md 
latest elasticsearch version 
switched to better parent . 
always return true when creating shows options menu . 
upgrade to junit 4 . 8 . 2 
removed blocking apt - get update command 
without is one word ; - ) 
fix changes . txt 
investigating hudson build failure 
make sure android gets released 
add contrib manager background color ( not gradient ) 
update spongecommon 
remove unneeded autoclosable interface from publicationimage . 
adding classpath to android - apt dependency declaration 
typo in travis config 
updated changelog 
remove trailing * / in the build . gradle 
lps - 58116 - ensure unstyled buildthemes runs after buildalloy tasks and buildlexicon . 
upgrade fastutil to 6 . 5 . 16 ( # 430 ) 
added readme . md . 
revert " move to 2 . 2 . 0 - alpha3 gradle plugin " 
remove gluegen & jogl sources 
update readme 
lrqa - 15949 rename blogsportlet . macro to blogsconfiguration . macro for more clarity 
create readme . md 
enable security manager in tests 
set project release version to 3 . 1 . 0 . 
run clustering before domain 
fix false alarm in " drum und dran " 
release notes 
do not load gnustl in nativememorychunk 
add missing paramater to audioport jni initialization . 
add dynamic library for oe 
added shell script to launch voldemort ' s scala shell & added jar files 
make testdata catch really incomplete 
add file . 
delete build . gradle 
update readme . md 
update jar 
update readme . md 
update version 
hive - 5514 - webhcat_server . 
updated changelog 
preparing for release 3 . 2 . 0 
put back snapshot after 0 . 2 . 1 
move test to pass . 
fail build if miredot encounters a critical error . 
gitrepositorymanager . getinstance is definitely @ nullable 
updated the changelog 
bumping project configuration requirement to android 2 . 2 
updating readme 
bump version 
added class diagram for decorator 
upload as snapshot 
add building master branch to navigation . 
updated proguard rules . 
set exceptionformat in gradle testlogging to full 
testing automatic updates to devbuild . bigbluebutton . org 
we need to validate pythoncore as well 
update to 1 . 3 . 2 - snapshot 
javac2 updated . 
fix invalid xml 
delay dropping root views until the drop views step of statebuilder . 
try running travis with only os x 
lps - 27163 missing language key for back to 
fix typo / / changlog 
building linux native runtime with older version of glibc 
add divider to bottom of add dialog . 
revert back to static busybox for arm processors 
add travis file 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 4 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
 ( nojira ) removing lines in changelog . 
fix travis for the third time . 
minor fix to release notes . 
fixing all attribute_decl tests 
honor skiptests in titan - hadoop ' s surefire config 
updated proguard config 
readme 
revert " merge " fix potential segfault in rs watchdog . " 
removed unused images 
new jar 
comment out logparseresults . 
update the example image 
fix rc version format . 
force gradle plugin 0 . 10 . 0 . 
do not start filtering if the first character is a space . 
fixed test which randomly fail on slow ci server 
update readme . md 
make robots try to recharge at a bit less than max 
 " facelets " 
fix typo in angular - 1 . 5 externs 
fix doc spelling of abstractpreauthenticatedprocessingfilter 
change the start - workers option to use the master ip 
update spongecommon for inventory fix . 
fixed the name of the bintray task in the travis file . 
added * - logging / bin / directories to . 
lps - 68025 match version 
clarify a use case . 
groovy 1 . 6 . 3 
update readme . md 
revert " fix for grails - 8586 " gradlew install fails on windows on task installresources " 
add debug log message for connections returned to the pool broken . 
logger back to error 
fixes superfluous initialization calls in class . forname . 
updated changelog 
updating version . txt top section 
bump to 1 . 8 . 31 for the gradle plugin . 
generated javadoc to target folder 
updated ios natives 
update knownissues . md 
lps - 47829 add @ override 
note about the orange color 
added link to issue 
add travis ci support 
update httputils 
don ' t throw io exception at end of stream 
lps - 17422 - liferay menu - hide horizontal scroller in some browsers . 
fixed syntax error in bbb - conf 
update workspace for new library structure . 
update changes . txt 
applied travis ci 
new way to add javadoc for thrift file common . thrift 
lrqa - 24374 add a new ' portal . release ' property to mark all portal tests to be ran in the release job 
remove worst = = 0 option from priorities , reason # 399 
increase number of flow retries on e2e 
update tachyon - start . 
updating images for wiki 
browsebutton graphite 
this was marked @ deprecated in the docs , but it was misspelled . 
update spongecommon for cause fix . 
updated changelog 
update to jdom 1 . 1 ( ideadev - 23992 ) 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 63 
add jonathan to pairs file 
add g + community 
changed visibility of status textview to visible 
lifecycle diagram correction 
align the text with r1681837 
update changelog . md 
thumbs . db is not part of the servlet spec 
bumped parent version from 2 - snapshot to 2 
util - taglib / src / com / liferay / taglib / ui / breadcrumbtag . java 192 
updatre base mod with optional jmx dependency 
upping tools to 21 and gradle plugin to 1 14 . 1 
update spongecommon for reobfuscation fix 
fix nit in pom . xml 
redwood should load the minimal configuration by default 
wrong build tools version 
updated changelog . 
vim conf 
add ' server ' keyword to title 
use new jstl groupid 
fix pom_artifact_id and pom_name for the recyclerview module 
rc - 1 / 284 version bump 
update readme . md 
idea win icon 
check usage object . wait ( ) in abstractfailuredetector . 
updated to latest drlvm - vts - bundle commit . 
lps - 45755 - add ' portal - acceptance ' component 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 98 - snapshot 
change comment in . 
textures test asset updated . 
trigger travis build 
lps - 64936 packageinfo 
avoid js exceptions on shrinkselection 
force creation of ci directory to make travis happy 
test changed to nopass 
updated images 
no need of an activator in this package . 
optimize travis - ci builds by caching gradle / maven artifacts 
remove accidentally checked in log statement " running exec normally " 
added getcollection ( class ) to interface 
add libutils dependency for libandroidfw host build . 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 9 - snapshot ' . 
change exclusion rule for agent to use new agrona group name . 
fix bug in attributeequalbuilder init . 
fix builds without use_opengl_renderer 
tweak our message list subject default a bit bigger to set it off from the other text . 
revert " updated changes " 
 " jetbrains " added to jetbrains . dic 
always call single constructor of variabledescriptorimpl 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 7 
00 cst 2015 
make bg drawable smaller in multiple ways to save mem 
fix directory bug in install_zmq . 
add base plugin to get clean tasks 
lrqa - 26404 rename test property 
update spongecommon 
update changelog 
missing file 
adding new im_unavailable . gif icon for daniel ( used in the gateways plugin 
added ' debugging ' link to toc in testing doc 
update gradle . properties 
fix recursion issue with new special item entity code . 
changing viewclient to default visibility 
use release version of airbase 28 
update readme . md 
missing synchronized on serverconnection # setmetric 
mv encodingbenchmark kqueue . c to test folder 
fix string16 operator + to actually work 
copy the jar in the pre - integration - test phase 
disable proguard 
use latest snapshot of 2 . 0 . 0 of trakt - java . 
add missing rctconvert import 
updated japanese translation 
changing profile name ' dev ' to ' developer ' . 
ingore idea compiled classes folder 
point issuemanagement to the new repo 
update to rxjava 1 . 1 . 5 to get filter ( ) bugfix 
require higher cabal version to support test - suite 
upgrade to rabbitmq client 3 . 5 . 0 
private constructor added 
update the version to . 96 
a . @ b ( ) is flagged as a syntax error . 
update pod spec 
lps - 68338 reinitialize uri when location has no scheme 
try to improve the travis output . 
readme 
updated changelog 
serialization of formauthentication 
formatting build properties right 
update readme . md 
lps - 54970 prep next version 
upgrade to presto - hive - apache 0 . 9 
update readme . md 
return a blank plugin context path if it is null 
workaround bower outage . 
added hazelcast - all to default module list 
added interpreter class diagram 
igore lint error 
fredricho - fixed spacing on the bottom of the number of columns in the media gallery settings layout . 
outbound bridge is flushed only when its handler also implements channelinboundhandler 
update hsqldb library to version 2 . 3 . 4 
androidmanifest references android - 8 
updated changelog . 
jikes that ' s compatible with 10 . 2 but has been stripped so it ' s a 
changed back the dependencies to trunk versions 
remove false todo 
updated codenarc version 
revert " using jdk6 and jdk7 in travis " 
change case of test sample ( # 149 ) 
update readme for server tarball 
don ' t run the lazybones tests in the joint groovy build . 
upgrade to gradle 1 . 12 
add storm - 1882 to changelog 
fixed the module name 
update readme . md 
readme markup fixed 
prevent random crashes on sgx architecture 
document the change 
fix typo in cxx_library example . 
added task ordering rule so that incrementing of the version is done after bintray upload . 
update readme . md 
removed @ author tag from jsonpointerexception 
avoid crash if layer is destroyed after glrenderer 
add contributing . md file 
update logo used in html asciidoc output 
changed the name to metrics . 
fixed integ test dependencies 
bump version number again 
fix title 
reverts the recent changes to up2date . exe because , as discovered by damian minkov , it breaks the build . 
version bump 
lps - 38522 not needed as of global scope changes in staging 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
beeline add commands to register local jdbc driver names and jars ( ferdinand xu via xuefu ) 
set network refresh mode as default 
use gradlew instead of gradle 
 ' 0 . 17 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
updated changelog 
pty4j updated to avoid multi - threading problem with ptsname ( ) 
bump version to 184 , 9 - beta4 . 
update pom 
set reasonable libratometrics_interval 
update readme . md 
updating pack . jar 
rename pig tests . 
activityinjector instead of applicationinjector 
adding myself to travis notifications 
temporarily enable fine - grained error checking 
don ' t allow the upgrade activity to be backed out of 
update linux - arm natives 
added build dir to . 
remove nulltypebinding from makefile . 
updated changelog 
updated library reference 
attempt to fix a bug where sim progress dialog gets stuck . 
update windows natives 
final modifier on a method parameter is not respected ( pre - requisite to fix - store modifiers in parameter node ) 
undo version change made by mvn release plugin 
updates version to 5 . 2 . 1 
 ' 0 . 13 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
correct the sentence . 
update readme . md 
journal - terms - of - use packageinfo 
added waiting for yellow cluster state in rest test 
fix credit for yarn - 1188 
switch to wip2 
changelog 
use correct android sdks version for travis build 
clarify changes entry about s3 bug 
added assets folder 
removed test where dataset is too small to split 
prepare next release v0 . 88 . 4 - snapshot 
do not merge add drawglinfo kmodeprocessnocontext 
update readme . md 
prepare version 29 - beta3 . 
update ant to 1 . 10 . 0 
fix touchlist # item return type 
fix the architect table sometimes modifiying the world when creating blueprints , fixes # 2424 
added sourcejar task to library 
publish ui kit version 1 . 5 . 2 
do not attempt to build gh - pages branch . 
delete killableprocess . exe 
add annotation @ nullable for target revision argument 
upgrade to netty - build - 15 to fix build issues 
remove version println . 
removed import to non - existent class 
updated proguard with rule for abstractmodel 
minecraftforge / fml @ e14efe786f6255a18e148c4137f560f5e2d2a38f some fixes and tweaks 
reorder typeinfo . type enum so ordinals back to orginal value 
order coverage / coverage - common dependencies 
move this test to standalone , as it ' s useless in core ( no languages available there ) 
removed tokenized option from french 
added codereview . rc to . 
update notice . txt 
disables resolution of snapshots from twitter maven repo 
rc - 1 version bump 
update mediadeviceinfo prototype groupid field . 
lps - 30595 fix typo in portal properties 
jetty - 9 - updated junit to 4 . 10 . 
publish ui kit version 1 . 5 . 1 
lps - 50771 - added property to enable using jndi for testing 
update alloy bootstrap 
lps - 38482 add missing @ override 
added readme file 
updated todo 
rename to medium . 
enable docker use in travis 
adds annotations jar 
ensure switchcompat jumps the thumb position 
update sdk version 
update list of rat excludes 
 ' 1 . 4 . 10 - snapshot ' . 
added class diagram for strategy pattern 
bumped revision to 0 . 4 
updated fml , proper free - sprite list for / gui / items . 
update jar 
update issue_template . 
prevent updating to last version of platform tools 
released orientdb 2 . 1 . 2 
use setthrowable 
lps - 49294 source formatting 
lps - 53579 those properties are for breadcrumb tag 
removed invalid symbol in testdata 
lps - 67352 add check ' stringliteralequality ' 
updated controller template 
remove optional mark on gson dependency . 
update readme to point to latest maven central version . 
 ` android update ` to ` android - 19 ` . 
change dependency scope . 
lps - 63104 deploy to static 
remove erroneuous news entry 
version bump 
changelog 
move nodetests to main project 
look at all branches 
lps - 55494 fix bnd 
update word2vecloader . java 
update contributing . md 
enable scalastyle now that pants . pex has been updated . 
fix for grails - 8586 " gradlew install fails on windows on task installresources " 
delete contributing file 
don ' t attempt to refresh posts after upload if we ' ve left the activity . 
consolidate javax . servlet jars 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / osgi / . 
fix hide - > quit issue 
added gpl - licensed application icon 
remove duplicate " clear context " shortcut in eclipse keymap ( idea - 86513 ) 
add travis here as well 
missing mavencentral ( ) repository 
returns the correct elevation in gnssstatus 
gradle minor refactor 
revert to 512mb virtual offset 
make sure ' codequality ' task runs the classycle checks . 
stacktrace option for travis 
changed field type of username in jivegroupuser . 
update maven - deploy - plugin to 2 . 8 . 1 ( 2 . 7 - > 2 . 8 . 1 ) 
update project . properties 
keep phonestatusbar default constructor around . 
android 2 . 1 support added 
new icon for export application 
update to parent pom 31 
moved the yajsw from server / here 
fix 2nd and more capturing snapshot ( py - 15823 ) . 
saved wrong slider - handle . png image by mistake . 
upgrade to joda - time 2 . 6 
set proper dev version 
mirro change to make the gradle generate intellij project metadata correctly 
set openpgp - api - lib to a version that actually works 
 ' 0 . 17 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
updated app version 
add readme so directory stays live 
final versions of these fonts from ascender , including gpos ' mark ' feature 
only jdk 7 for travis 
updated pom . xml for module model - view - presenter . 
updated readme 
disabled some logging 
check monitoring interval before getting histogram 
move generickmlbikerentalsource to correct place . 
link to 1 . 6 tag 
fix gradle . properties to have the version that is needed for build . 
fixed uninitialized error in string . matches ( ) . 
make filestack explicit 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 1 . 2 
add pr_get_dumpable / pr_set_dumpable 
more todo items 
openprojectfilechooserdescriptor . isprojectdirectory 
updated changelog 
upgrade to jadconfig 0 . 7 . 0 
nodoc jruby ? 
fix npe in dictionarysuggestionprovider ( ea id 17899 ) 
add include guard to definition of __stdc_limit_macros 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 11 
disable stringstartswith pmd check 
release orientdb 2 . 1 . 1 
updated changelog 
backport # 744 fix 
location module update 
fix switch 
removed dependency to android support library 
execute checker . destroy ( ) at the end of each test 
release 1 . 0 . 0 - rc1 
blacklist v0 . 1 . 9 of com . chrisrm . idea . materialthemeui due to idea - 157843 
add missing postag for the noun ' servicing ' 
fix bug that meant test always hung until the background process count reached zero . 
added storm - 1561 ot changelog 
link to troubleshooting from getting started page 
update joda - time to 2 . 8 
fix broken test data file 
session launch bugfix for server pro 
temporarily set inconsistentarrays as a warning 
remove override of wildfly naming client version . 
added todo in audiooptions . 
fixes broken globalshortcut dll for windows 64 - bit . 
unhide renderscript resize intrinsic 
moved logging configuration to the pc facade where it belongs . 
remove console . log 
fixed gritter position 
update spongecommon 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / asset / . 
update license 
travis config updated 
version 0 . 9 . 1 . 
 ' 0 . 4 . 47 - snapshot ' . 
custom exceptions should derive from exception , not throwable 
hive - 8352 - enable windowing . q for spark ( jimmy xiang via brock ) 
lps - 51179 - add test property for legacy social office plugins 
minecraftforge / fml @ a39482c4b7ac2883f821619b47ff31e0b6e74b29 splash screen implementation 
not needed import 
junk file 
update readme . md 
indentation error in run . py 
add travis - ci yaml file - # 722 
update demo 
update start_services . 
update bg drawable properly on actionbars based on earlier changes 
replace parallel - tasks - demo gif 
remove unused include 
added dbg build target for signing with the debug key 
updated changelog 
add guice dependency 
changes for geo_shapes 
added logging of exceptions if an error occurs while processing an iq packet . 
netty updated to 4 . 0 . 6 
update travis android config 
add ripplebackground 
add image for junit test result 
use full uri for android application gradle plugin 
update to android gradle plugin 1 . 3 . 0 
update license 
ensure that asynchronous session replication thread is a daemon thread . 
updated docker maven plugin version 
update news 
removing stray sketch . properties file 
added missing synchronized . 
upgrade to jersey - netty 1 . 5 
safety clause to check gemfile 
fix target package name so tests run . 
added storm - 765 to changelog 
adding travis . yml 
rm unused support lib 
update example url 
moved some stuff to nopass . 
update readme apt version 
update to flow 0 . 2 . 30 
update task dependencies 
make sidebar affix appear over of the main content 
exclude gwt files , so that maven tests can run 
upgrade netty 3 . 7 . 0 
remove tracking of all drawables in viewoverlay . clear ( ) 
partially revert " - fixed build on windows ( remove deprecated useant gradle groovy options " 
update rest - client project 
prepare version 18 . 0 . 2 . 
onscrolllistener fix in abslistview 
new icon ( checked in first for use on enterprise license screen ) 
back to - snapshot 
notification . builder . setautocancel ( ) was setting the wrong flag . 
lps - 33742 rename only 
revert " move test to nopass because it takes too long to run ~ 12hr . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - template / . 
release reference when putting rilrequest back into the pool . 
adding activiti - cdi to deploy profile in current trunk 
update screenshot1 . gif with the new sample 
make the version numbers consistent . 
better test name 
try to strip terminal escape characters for travis 
removing js mode sketch properties from noc book example in prep for js mode removal 
added e - mail to travis . yml 
up to date version file 
reset light count in lights ( ) 
update ice4j to perform upnp gateway discovery for wanipconnection and wanpppconnection in parallel . 
fix margin on top of the pages 
update sparc natives 
update protoparser to 4 . 0 . 3 . 
update readme . md 
adding cudaruntime build for mac 
software version to xeps . md 
fixed starting of server with a space in the path 
top - level h2o project for ux - client . 
bump opencsv version 
update readme . md 
lps - 69188 semver portal - tools - theme - builder 
use dark background for application startup 
generating the tokenizer and parser for rip on install 
forgot image file 
bluez doesn ' t handle disconnect while connecting well . 
lps - 29459 add language key 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 100 
model - > _modelkey in kmeans_model_view 
remove travis_wait 
forgot to check in this file . 
set for dev 
no xml output by default 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 2 final . 
rc - 1 / 313 version bump 
groovy - 6064 - fixed compiledynamicprocessor not found in the right directory ( test instead of main ) 
 ' zuul - 1 . 0 . 7 - snapshot ' . 
remove unused import statement 
do not merge - quick fix for menu background for sdk / emulator ( mdpi ) 
change back commons pool to 2 . 0 as 2 . 2 isn ' t fully tested 
log exception 
log4j2 . x needs hadoop_user_classpath_first to be set ( prasanth jayachandran reviewed by sergey shelukhin ) 
add storm - 1468 to changelog 
try specifying pythons in travis file 
jboss - parent 19 
updating closure to latest to fix bug in warning override . 
update pom . xml 
missing language key 
journal - terms - of - use packageinfo 
add jdk 8 to travis build . 
provides a more recent snapshot of the wiki 
renamed class to fix capitalization issue 
push version to 16 - beta8 , 15020 . 
fixed v14 layout url not visible problem 
lps - 56664 - upgrade lexicon zip 
groovy - 4075 fixed the shouldfailwithcause regression . 
fix pom 
updated gitmodules to fix travis errors . 
changed comment in jetmethod . flags ( ) 
add error image to attributions . 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
add play store promo image 
adding simple - servlet module 
fix css 
tear down the custom injector when done 
update readme . md 
update pay 
release 0 . 1 . 0 ( 2015 - 08 - 25 ) 
exe file created by make script . 
fixup changelog for hdfs - 3856 . 
added the shutdown command to the service provider 
update readme 
removed file 
be consistent about how secure is accessed 
update readme . md 
cache only certain directories for travis 
missed one class in last commit 
fix travis ci build for build tools 23 . 0 . 2 
use tests . jvms = 1 like the old parallelism of 1 
new design schema 
removed @ override annotation 
fixes typo in test ' s method name . 
making sure the errors set set on the reader 
travis testing 
added jopenvr . 
forgot to remove an alert 
update fml , now includes python , and will download mcp for you 
bump the version number to 2 . 0 . 7 
add a link to the wiki page about the microbench module 
modify the binder to request 1m - 2 pages instead of 1m . 
removing unnecessary google repo 
added jetty - logging . 
use python 2 . 5 
lower max enum count to 11 , 000 , well above nflx ' s use - case of 9000 - and still 
eliminate borders from tables in markdown . css 
update readme . md 
publish spock - gradle 
thanks , git , but please delete these files 
lps - 66853 sdk 
update news 
travis only has android sdk 10 or higher 
add url null check for getting cached file . 
test for sentinel with identical ? 
update readme . md 
too many levels failed test removed 
final . 
fix changelog 
update readme . md 
sonar - 4189 activate automatically the release profile 
add in " starter " image for eclipse workspace 
fix memory leak ( also delete the best model ) . 
gradle android plugin update to 1 . 0 . 1 
move rule overview to " java " directory , as this is where maven expects the source code 
treat hardware keyboard fn key as a modifier key . 
renamed jacoco screenshot 
use @ concept rather than @ concepts for roxygen2 
nullable 
not needed test class 
fix checkstyle problems with glusterfs module . 
removed not - needed file . 
try to enforce newer android build tools in travis 
run headless by default 
todo updated 
set daemon flag on poller threads . 
update readme . 
update gradle . properties . 
update readme . md 
portal . kernel prep next 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 9 - snapshot 
docker script 
add name parameter to get_alias in update_alias tests 
updated uribeacon 
only need whassup jar file 
change to maven 1 . 1 
move atari font notice out of res directory . 
mv script aloha to jstorm 
ownertype supported on members 
updated installation wizard for pycharm edu 2 . 0 
fix manual where it still references . 
add info to readme 
update readme . md 
updated build tools version 
release bukkit build 6 . 1 . 2 , version bump snapshot . 
bump react - native - cli version 
fix filecontentutil . reparsefiles to include open files 
wip7 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
image orientation fix for # 1845 
guillotine . apk added 
update verison to 0 . 4 . 3 
upgrade to latest aws sdk 1 . 2 . 15 
fix soyweb - local . 
replace registerforevent ( ) with equivalent call that makes registerforevent ( ) unused . 
copy premultipliedalpha in copy constructor 
jediterm updated ( py - 11368 ) . 
jal - 35 add image notes to non - proprietary licenses 
upgrade maven assembly plugin to 2 . 4 
fixed node css bug that is uncovered if you add a document fragment search for css of children . 
correct list for before - 1 . 5 
save to dictionary family name fixed 
update pom . xml 
fix masking of lockclientstoppedexception during operationfacade . unregisterexecutingquery 
calling settext ( null ) on a textview should actually set the text to be empty string ( this is what the real android library call does ) 
update wikidoc commit pointer 
add option to turn off share in setup . xml 
lep - 7564 ie6 fix ( toolbar ) 
printing version number 
quoted evaluation of first argument to ' groovy ' shell script , thus 
update spongecommon for build fix . 
fix input device listener registration in inputmanager 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 51 
why didn ' t i just use a . 
execute dependency source explosion at an earlier build phase . 
fixing typo in pom 
change keyringfile example to real file 
updated changelog 
making keycode_pairing a wakeup key . 
updated changelog 
update to latest fastadapter v0 . 7 . 2 
update spongecommon 
handle boolean type in fieldspec ( # 256 ) 
list comp expr has a type 
new sources tab 
update textviewex . java 
set mactualscale when initialscale is set . 
lps - 33296 pacl - refactor portalsecuritymanager into an injectable resource - moved only 
update readme . md 
add screenshot 
fix uninitialized variables in caches . cpp 
added texts . png 
add weex . jks wee . txt 
no reason to check for junit when we use testng 
xaresource of activemq does not implement org . jboss . tm . xaresourcewrapper 
fixed changelog entry that is listed twice 
change the filtercriteria . onrecallselection ( ) to return the already assigned tag 
add browsermob rbu and opennms httpmonitor to list 
move default target to android 2 . 2 google api 
lps - 24874 - moving action ( s ) . 
updated changelog . txt . 
update spongecommon for random block populator fix . 
changelog for 0 . 8 , 9beta4 
add art assets 
add setter for exceptiontranslator # 617 
todo 
update readme . md 
make truth accessible to all of testlib , not just its tests , now that it ' s used by the collection - suite builders . 
fix border radius / background propagation issues in tictactoe example 
grails - 8633 nicer looking pdf output from docengine . 
 ' 0 . 12 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
fix testreconfigserver . cc 
upgrade to gradle 2 . 14 . 1 
added onsnapshotcreated method 
lps - 15480 update alloy - taglib . 
use minsdk 11 for sample 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 152 
remove extra pop 
use java 7 on appveyor 
upgraded to the jmock 2 . 5 . 1 
fixing parent building 
snapshot 
target java 7 for compilation 
mark new test staging ( py - 13540 ) 
prepare for next development iteration 
updated parent version . 
make sure the full screen playing continue when timeout 
remove test cehcked in by accident 
makes annotationconstantexpression visit a constantexpression with itself 
disable openejb stats 
update changelog . md 
removed rogue println . 
add getregion to polygonsprite 
added type name for dfi ( # 18480 ) 
core dependency to the readme . 
bump build tools version to 18 . 0 . 1 
update android gradle plugin 
version 1 . 0 . 4 - snapshot 
asm rebuilt with - target 13 
new todo item 
changes in todo 
lib dict4j now compiled with java 1 . 5 . 
updated changelog 
lps - 46809 add a line break since we ' re about to manipulate the var 
kafka - 642 missed message magic version on last checkin . 
deserialize 
add " cpp " target to build otf decoder and otf decoder doc 
modify makefile 
fix up the makefiles and some samples . 
lps - 51937 remove bad file 
added osgi to description to blueprint 
slightly better columnfilter . tostring ( ) 
lps - 51249 let ' s keep test resources in the tests 
update es / upstream to skip bogus file in plugin discovery 
updated changelog 
changed bin version to 1 . 2 . 0 - snapshot ( # 103 ) 
updates fmj to r28 which implements shrinking of the audio rtp packet queue / jitter buffer . 
add alireza as contributor 
new internal framework for api 17 ( updated ) 
return the view even when timing out in waitforview 
revert accidental class name change 
this was already deprecated , but not picked up by the tool do not merge 
modify docker 
move jphp - net - ext to jphp - runtime 
prohibiting transitive dependencies from being unpacked in one more place . 
add to history . txt 
ondestroy super must be called 
remove test file 
return the play stayed locked . 
version bump 
copy ic_menu_search . png to ic_search_category_default . 
fix versionname 
test fixes - cpportalsettings - tests 
revert " changed the missing ` type ` to ` _all ` in " get source " test " 
added shadow art in pixelmator format ( mac ) and also an exported 
update readme . md 
rss thread to be daemon 
lps - 52594 stale file 
minor test rename 
mahout - 811 don ' t delete work dir 
updated changelog 
version 1 . 0 . 0 - rc - 3 . 
lps - 54975 git - commit - plugins 
fix isreleasebuild logic 
fix pid check for hiveserver 
updated build . properties with new grails version 
testcase for new expression across multiple lines 
fixing a memory leak when creating a new node and not adding it to the tree . 
updated changelog 
rm build from start script 
move compilation of clojure test source to the right phase . 
updated default presentation for bigbluebutton 0 . 81 
new mac app icon sets for ultimate and community 
add a new contributor 
alpha - 30 / 329 version bump 
clean sample 
if parameter is enum don ' t scrape out . whole . enum ( remove . ) 
update contributing . md 
add ` mainclassname ` since we rely on java plugin now 
update readme iam policy fix version number 
added a text file for tracking release . 
portal - dao - orm - custom - sql 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
added the mysql connector jar to . 
use home_run . 
thank you for the debugging code , @ banjaxbanjo ! 
update changelog 
update objc - test . 
fix gpslocationprovider to return gpsstatus and nmea events . 
remove note about required quotes for system columns 
ensured the sources and javadoc are also built when one runs ' build ' . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 116 
p . pmousex and p . pmousey not updated 
should be ' title ' instead of ' titre ' 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 16 - snapshot ' . 
removed scalar_intersect from exact queries in documentation 
log internal server errors in localmucuser . 
bump to junit 4 . 12 
filip ' s changes fixed non - blocking writes 
settransformationmethod should reset mtextdir 
add travis ci descriptor to be able to build gradle on travis - ci . 
help topics for vcs configurables ( ideadev - 33672 ) 
update readme . md 
upgrade nebula plugin to 3 . 1 . 2 ( from 2 . 2 . 5 ) 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / asset / . 
add circleci status badge 
 ' 0 . 14 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
temporarily excluded spock - grails from build 
bump version for start of semantic version increase ( 2 . 0 . 1 - snapshot ) 
adding storm - 1359 to changelog 
bumped version to 0 . 35 
update build tools and target api 
add res 
lps - 44211 the source and target level of code built by gradle should be 1 . 6 
update changes 
mixin is not a typo 
make templateresource public ( to make it reusable from other frameworks ) 
updated changelog 
update changelog for storm - 488 
rename stream statistics to analytics 
recompile libjnportaudio with older gcc ( to avoid library loading problem on older linux distributions ) . 
version 1 . 3 . 0 . 
lps - 51081 do not execute " buildckeditorbbcode " every time 
enable console . debug 
set toolbar conversation title display property 
updated parent pom version to match recommendations . 
std 
add mk to " shell script " group 
add language properties 
delete kk 
fix whitespace in default interface methods 
a more descriptive tostring ( ) for type parameter 
bumping versioncode 197 for 4 . 4 - rc1 beta release 
revert " update helloworldeclipse / src / com / googlecode / androidannotations / helloworldeclipse / mylistactivity . java " 
commented out assert 
updated changelog from revert 
bundled skeletons for mac 10 . 10 . 
update cacheword to latest head ( notification fixes ) 
use motoya font for japanese font 
updating changelog 
fixed duplicate docs id in delete 
updated lib / h2 - lzf . 
fix missing return value in android_location_gpslocationprovider_init 
proper version of apache batik for ipnb 
override is always a good indication in the code 
use alternate uft8 spelling to attempt to solve issue with build server 
updated library version 
added support to get right dialog from activity 
update support - v4 to 21 . 0 . 3 . 
bumps mvn release plugin version to 2 . 4 . 1 
update jsonobject . java 
x1 png 
prevent build task from calling setup task ( to avoid failures in cygwin ) . 
update update - version profile 
use released version of persisit . 
made - server default mode 
lps - 57159 web - inf folder needed for build 
bump the version to 2 . 1 . 2 
remove custom objenesis version from dropwizard - testing 
update gradle plugin to 0 . 14 for compatibility with android studio 0 . 9 . 0 
make doc task complain about how you should use javadoc 
specify flow version in sampleapp . 
update readme . md 
project created 
made final 
implement mkdir 
lps - 55252 using native sass compiler by default 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 62 
doc folder 
updated irc - api client library , revision 190 . 
hive - 4999 shim class hiveharfilesystem does not have a hadoop2 counterpart ( brock noland via egc ) 
disposing tree builder 
removed extra latch countdown that can caused non deterministic test failures 
finish removal of pages submodule 
added storm - 1511 to changelog . 
change wl12xx hotspot ssid to spike 
prepare version 26 . 0 . 1 . 
update asmack to address " sessionsupported " bug 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 0 . 11 - snapshot ' . 
kernel 10 cache 
adding fonts and new buttons 
add @ flow back to view . js 
update phrases . xml 
add group on actor badge 
notnull 
add definition file for travis ci 
updated library reference to get fix of headers in ocs requests 
made class final 
moving to a proper maven source directory 
remove unused include . 
lps - 41254 only use validator . isnull for string ( or sometimes long ) 
remove useless include from gradle settings 
fix pom of performance tests 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 46 
add my vote to cookie patch 
incremented version properties 
updating plexus archiver , this avoid the excessive logging from the unarchiving of dependencies as reported in the mailing list 
remove binary build output 
bump to version 0 . 9 - alpha to differentiate stack traces . 
review - 1883 use maven only for integtestruntime 
added hasflash ( ) 
reset utterance counter upon stop ( ) 
update linux / x86 natives 
fix build tooles for ci 
fix playback host address 
update pom 
add style images 
update system rules to 1 . 13 . 0 
add a rule - based disambiguator for english 
update readme . md 
adds device uid for wmme and dsound devices . 
use gradle 2 . 1 . 
fix sci when there is more than one jar on the classpath 
update readme . md 
make synthetizedannotation public 
changes 
ninja - fix test_cqlsh_output . 
update readme . md 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - alpha3 
typo in changelog 
hhh - 8017 correct sybasedialect ' s getnullcolumnstring 
fix bug with assert readed commit 
update to gradle plugin 2 . 2 . 0 - beta3 
update readme . md 
add gwt in third_party / . 
test suites now created with correct artifact stem name - grails - 438 
clean old versions 
adding to changelog . md 
update readme . rdoc 
resolve the oss merge conflict 
now render the correct texture for sub - mod pipes 
upgraded mock jar 
set mseeknotificationsent as false for rtsp seeking . 
make inconsistent icon dip lint warning an error 
lps - 55853 language . properties 
update readme . md 
lps - 53860 - rename alloy font awesome to 2 . 0 . 
fix calendarview to show the month title properly . 
trimmed trailing whitespace to make valid yaml 
updated travis . yml to run with java6 as well 
allow to skip compilation ( for making composite builds ) 
updated codegen dependency 
re - enable tests on release 
include upgrading . rst in assembly 
remove accidental file 
initial readme . md with only title 
disconnect is called 
fix a typo on tvcontract . 
lps - 38691 add utf - 8 encoding in build - common - java . xml as well ( used for build - maven ) 
update spongecommon for extended blockstate changes . 
platform specific version of the new notification icon . 
update changelog 
enable parallel gradle execution by default 
fix a javadoc bug in clientcall 
version 1 . 4 . 2 . 
change javassist back from provided to compile so that maven - war - plugin can bundle it by default into the war . 
added the shutdown command to the service provider 
update library reference 
added java_8_home to required environment variable 
lps - 50855 move css files to their proper locations 
report scroll_state_idle after the user finishes a scroll ( not a fling . ) 
deleted the support library from the facebook sdk ( use actionbarsherlock ' s instead ) 
test image for 2 input tests . 
update readme . md 
wrong commit of annotation processor project . 
restored transparency to the forge logo . 
before_script in single line 
always build in parallel . 
reorder options menu 
lps - 69560 increment source formatter version 
switch master to 4 . 1 . 0 . build - snapshot 
upgrade junit to 4 . 8 . 2 
reset the inverse of the modelview in resetmatrix ( ) . 
add xml - psi into core - analysis . jar ( required by java ) 
lps - 66180 update pdfbox jars to 1 . 8 . 12 
attempt to make this more robust by doing a commit before closing the zk db . 
add version to params . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 65 
shutdown bug fix 
remove random file 
upgrade junit to 4 . 12 
comment out default domain bar . com 
implemented crowdin support 
add missing params for get_comp_metrics ( # 1039 ) 
oups , forgot a publication of one more ace function 
don ' t pull arrays from tx anymore , as we don ' t need it 
added oraclejdk7 , openjdk6 , and openjdk7 to travis ci configuration . 
added storm - 310 to changelog 
add todo comment 
made packageprotected really package protected . . . 
add also minimum master nodes to the config tempalte 
get rid of ' validate xml ' in commander popup menu altogether 
release version 7 . 0 . 2 
lps - 36191 the answer graphic would be in the qustion column in ie8 when viewing a question thread in message board with display stype set to html 
 " ec2requestsignertest " package fixed 
idea mac icon updated to 512x512 
call audiotrack . flush ( ) before audiotrack . release ( ) . 
change editorconfig in order to impact other files than java and xml ( i . e . . 
lps - 45495 don ' t export ? 
re - applied fix for smack - 120 
lps - 39793 disallow undeployed portlets to be invoked by portlet container 
new icns and new 16x16 for files pane 
glossary is being added . 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 10 - snapshot ' . 
add storm - 2032 to changelog 
use png 24 to reduce the grainyness of the 16px favicon ( by heather ) 
set the cache size to zero when it is cleared 
add a readme file so developers can discover our documentation if they start by cloning our repository . 
upgrade to presto - hive - apache 0 . 2 - snapshot 
lps - 43729 - blogs subscribe links not contained in portlet container 
asset - tags - navigation - web 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
add branch balsamip file 
lps - 41488 - toggleradio change event for radio buttons not working in ie8 
hotfix to source file 
fixing crash in viewgroup . dispatchpopulateaccessibilityevent 
minecraftforge / fml @ 54e06e841d1c8df24fc30e1ec3a51def67f58858 move resource refreshing until affter postinit . 
heading changed for possible cross - reference . . . . 
openssl does implement ssl_ck_rc2_128_cbc_export40_with_md5 
use sqlcipher core 3 . 0 . 0 
using the public api to get the line number 
update readme . md 
lps - 52047 delete file if nothing went wrong 
add storm - 1419 to changelog 
use correct path for shows with episodes content uri . 
fix makeoutputdir method . 
update readme 
modify demo 
removed unused import 
add description 
add missing unwind entry ; disables . 
modfy makefile in python such that dependency is correct . 
moved icq tests after meta contact list tests 
write project_version file . 
bump version to 0 . 4 . 1 - thrift 
libglesv1_cm . 
updated readme 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 53 
removed empty migrate call in sample preference 
add storm - 1466 to changelog 
updated changelog 
fix the instruction of gradle script written in readme 
added missing grails - plugin . xml file 
upgrading project to android 4 . 3 
remove useless outdated forbidden - api version in ` - pdev ` config . 
use seriesguide icon in settings for clearer identification if linking from network monitor tool . 
add clover license . 
add missing include 
use $ { objenesisversion } instead of hardcoding the version as 1 . 4 
remove dead method native_get_session_id ( ) 
note < tag > fix 
add link to javadocs 
remove freemarker . jar and junit . jar 
require at least maven 3 . 0 . 1 to build checkstyle - fixes # 620 
remove uuid 
update button visibility as a final step in daypickerview construction 
updated gradle plugin version 
update to new wrapper version 
update to forge 12 . 18 . 1 . 2044 
add missing @ xmlattribute in model 
the actionbarsherlock version is also a release this time 
alpha - 8 / 256 version bump 
snapshot 
add reset ( ) method to databaseobjectfactory 
init the matrix stack for 2d context . 
add npm - shrinkwrap . 
reset state before test_fetch 
add changelog . md file , better late than never 
update preview screen 
change the flowdock notification for travis builds . 
and add said cbor jar too 
fix build break by adding an @ hide javadoc comment . 
update readme . md 
add suggested width for floating toolbar on large devices 
update specs version 
i forgot ; handlesetter / handlegetter already act appropriately with static modifiers . 
update travis yml components 
missed file ? 
version bump forge build for release . 
add contributer name to misc / upstart / readme 
update pom . xml 
fix documentation for wifi scanresult . timestamp 
pass consistency_level param from thrift to internals . 
remove a debug line 
lrqa - 16114 prep next version 
upgrade maven - javadoc - plugin to 2 . 8 . 1 . 
back button in greent does not work properly after the second usage . 
disable timerstest - sporadic failures on travis 
fix a bug in android keystore updateaad . 
added storm - 850 to changelog 
fix javadoc for cameramanager . availabilitycallback 
1 . 2 . 1 - snapshot 
lps - 59252 add layout into request so that we can fetch its group id when calculating locale . 
abs__search_view . 
updated changelog . 
making build fit for maven central 
the old mqlshell doesn ' t exist 
update readme . md 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 124 - snapshot 
return correct value from width property 
update readme 
remove unnecessary databinding enabled 
update news file prior release 
call super . onload in create key dialog ( fix esc key issue ) 
tweak syntax for codenarc build integration 
remove screenorientation on ucropactivity , it was restricting our app to device supporting ' android . hardware . screen . portrait ' 
upgraded maven - compiler - plugin version . 
lps - 62985 support mariadb on lang keys 
limit number of fetchfiles test 
update to barchart - udt 2 . 2 . 6 
revert gradle version to 1 . 6 to bypass oss build issue with gradle 1 . 11 . 
 ' 0 . 14 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
updates asm to 5 . 1 ( idea - 154513 ) 
upgrade to jmte 3 . 1 . 1 
update dagger to 2 . 6 ( # 189 ) 
update to 3 . 3 . 5 - rc2 
update spongecommon for world generator fix . 
lps - 65017 move resource - actions 
set version to 5 . 3 . 0 - dev ( via coho ) 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 117 
lep - 6067 - consolidating the sharing links ( forgot the actual sharing image . . . ) 
i don ' t really see a justification for doing a blocking write on close . 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 5 . 
update slf4jversion 
upgrade to shiro 1 . 2 . 3 
wait for java installation to finish . 
update sample app 
increment version to 3 . 2 . 3 . build - snapshot 
updated to latest drlvm - vts - bundle commit . 
lps - 65978 reindex object when its visible flag is modified 
lps - 36077 - cppagetemplatesacceptance . testcase - testsuite 
use utf - 8 encoding for writing skeletons in py3 
update to guava 15 . 0 - rc1 . 
dex projects are also in the java programming language . 
images not being resized to meet the density of devices . 
idea - 116348 idea 13 starts with toolbar and project structure toolbar hidden 
added to contributors . md 
set git . baseversion in thisbuild not globalscope so it works 
junit 4 . 12 beta 1 
updates for 0 . 9 - preview - 3 
flush incremental caches after each test run 
includes the notice file in the release 
add a white background layer . 
add storm - 810 to changelog 
com . android . server . accessibilitymanagerservice 
example config for twilio 
added storm - 360 to changelog 
remove lint from travis 
fix pom warning in idea 
new adt apparently generates a new file . 
avoid duplicated storm - core - version . jar in storm . home and its lib dir 
forgot to commit the services file 
sql formatter tweaks 
typo in webapps causing initialization error for minillap tests ( prasanth jayachandran ) 
to merge with master taking out test 
fix tests - on - jvm 
updated readme . md 
fix test that was not cleaning meta class registry after test 
upgrade gradle to version 2 . 1 . 0 to benefit from instant run . 
lps - 65420 deploy to osgi / core 
notify the emulatorview of an update after resetting the terminal 
added pulsar logo in icon format 
fix how we determine which projects are internal 
update changelog 
gradle should output the stacktrace for test failures 
updated changelog with weakling item . 
resolve build script plugins via http vs https 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - scripting / . 
update tictactoeapp . js 
lib / pom . 
remove unused local variable 
cleanup website for canopy clustering 
rename booklet . 
test audio for the command center 
rename readme . txt to readme . md 
lps - 57450 admin theme as default 
added travis build support 
fix android deps for travis 
move worldedit . properties to defaults folder so it extracts properly 
updated apt version to 1 . 8 in the readme 
update to flow 0 . 2 . 25 
popup title fix 
move a couple merge tests to nopass 
corrected junit jar 
restores windowed mode as default . 
bumping gradle to hopefully fix buffer overflow on travis 
fixed typo 
include sources for all files in ' fat ' binary jar 
 / / docs . oracle . com / javase / 7 / docs / technotes / guides / language / catch - multiple . html ) 
moved to version 1 . 4 of buildnumber maven plugin 
update readme . textile 
update spongecommon for cause fix . 
bump to beta2 . 
git root configured for the libraries project 
update droidsansethiopic to ver 1 . 03 
add vim 
bump support library version 
should be wrap_content . 
add storm - 1517 to changelog . md 
updated notification asset for dnd mode 
lps - 58748 disable " portlet . container . restrict " by default since parallel rendering is disabled 
add pullapprove config 
upgrade es to 1 . 7 . 5 ( incl . 
added plugin . yml . 
prepare release astyanax - 0 . 8 . 10 - snapshot 
use ' / usr / bin / env python ' in storm . py 
prepare for next version . 
add return 
adding a newline at the end of the file , i ' m getting an 
update the changelog . 
upgraded to hsqldb 2 . 2 . 6 . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 137 
lps - 66316 ( web ) move css file 
fix a bug that could cause improper detection of long press selection mode in webview after a scale gesture 
updated the zip file . 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 13 - snapshot ' . 
update build . gradle 
do not merge - make sure to return network type after conversion 
make chooseractivity grid items focusable 
if a reason is provided , the window is not closed 
replace app image 
fixed manual e2e test runner script 
jps updated for fix problems with nested forms under source roots with package prefixes 
add missing import 
updated reference to library after fixing deadlock 
fix resolving of python members ( py - 9512 ) . 
revert icon to old one 
made group same as project so can download from github . 
test that perms work for hcatalog 
ant - nodeps to 1 . 8 . 1 , issue # 790 
run travis on all branches except gh - pages 
updated changelog 
use the latest platform - tools on travis 
test . pkm file 
modify default wrap strategy in order to prefer wrap on comma if possible 
temporarily also include eglterminate - > eglinitialize hack for 8k 
added the atlassian - ide - plugin . xml to the . 
added id to textview 
upgrade to gradle plugin 2 . 2 . 0 - alpha5 
align build script with recent re - packaging 
core - 2136 mysql must quote partition as a keyword 
release notes 
rstudio uses 3 - space indent 
add placeholder for podling maturity evaluation 
minecraftforge / fml @ a8cbef2321a8e1bdfac56476bdfb5b306f71d38b finally hopefully fully kills the race condition causing a classcast on slow machines . 
remove development config for redis 
bump spongecommon ref . 
changed background colorf nav bg to be less harsh on the eyes . 
updated gradle plugin . 
sign artifacts 
beta - 1 version bump 
rename post - reform - compounds . 
lps - 27956 readd border for alternate results 
renamed class to fix capitalization issue 
set defaultpublishconfig to debug - in case we had source dependencies to this module 
flag tex scripts as programs in installer 
update plugin version 
release new snapshot b11 
the project has been renamed 
hive - 15035 forgot to write out edits in notes file . 
hebrew uses language code iw apparently . 
fix readme 
add a a trailing comma . 
turn off quiet for travis 
upgrade jackson - jr version ( with one known fix ) ; benchmark runner still fails quietly 
update felix to 5 . 2 . 0 
fix automapping cache update position 
fix a test not marked @ test 
added screenshot outling making a change to the bbb client 
added storm - 1417 to changelog 
bump up the version . 
reset version to 3 . 1 . 0 . ci - snapshot . 
update readme . md 
update news 
updated gradle from 0 . 6 to 0 . 7 
eof newline 
lps - 62331 adds collapsible - search . 
unchecked added to compilation 
updated mailing list / group address 
gh - 52 mongo db fix ( sears ) 
fixed file name of travis script 
close spout when emitter closed 
fix incorrect test 
updated changelog 
remove android - 22 from buildscript 
gemfile source 
bumping version to 0 . 107 
snapshot 
fixes memory leak where open chat windows leak instances on reconnections . 
update readme - cn . 
y and force yes still arent enough 
xvfb 
resolving cb - 1496 , this is faster than a pull request 
update spongecommon 
remove " final " keyword from number3d class 
fix app label of homeactivity . 
note onsubmitediting is invalid with multiline = { true } 
jacoco 
sync to ace head 
java 7 update 
update authors 
fix block break robots going into sleep mode after successfully harvesting block . 
lps - 36294 - missing language key in select folder iframe when trying to move and object in web content 
make preferenceinflater call setaccessible on constructors 
rename jetty - jsp src / main / resource to src / main / resources 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 72 
fixed reference to android - library for mvn update 
verbose crashlytics , re # 398 
move the swing model test to swing module as well 
ensure that building of packages is checked in travis ci 
minor change to gdoc task 
added storm - 1221 to changelog . 
abs reference update 
use compile configuration for groovy dependency as groovy configuration is deprecated 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 41 
rename norwegian locale code from nb_no to no_no 
upgraded to apache parent 7 . 
update universal - image - loader 
lps - 54852 just publish the compiled jar , nothing else 
keyguard - force showing the status bar 
don ' t expand the searchview if already expanded . 
update okhttp javadoc 
lps - 51081 update tomcat version 
fix scala api quick start word count example 
remove uses - sdk tag from manifest file . 
add missing uri import 
switch back to snapshot version for bug fix . 
remote scheduler hangs . . . 
updated travis ci script 
fix a build warning . 
first attempt at adding a . 
avoid crash in jni exceptiondescribe ( ) when there ' s no exception . 
add 1 . 5 . 1 index for bw comp tests 
added default tostring implementation to domain class template 
interrupt the current thread on catching interruptedexcepted in the test runner . 
jetclassbody # getclassobject ( ) by stub 
update sparc jars 
singing ( karandashov ) 
added a java class to the test data 
changed the inner class to static 
fix export statement in bulkloadpatternmodal . 
check for presence of isnode ( ) 
codec module is only used by tests 
 @ rootbeer_gpu 
compile with debug 
use tachyon logo as bookmark ico 
alpha - sort modules 
remove out of date prebuilt apk 
update spongecommon for entitysnapshot fix . 
add scrollby ( ) method to public api 
mark support library as provided . 
clear jpeg ids when reconfiguring . 
portal - output - stream - container 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
sample 
added ' iter ' and ' cinit ' to default python dictionary ( py - 7609 ) 
mandate unix line endings and utf - 8 encoding 
bump to sqlcipher core 2 . 1 . 1 
fixed the fuel texture 
 ' 0 . 13 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
update to cglib 3 . 2 . 0 
update async http 
add # 2557 to changes 
add pdf version of albumsample mockup . 
 / tmp / graph - > db 
weak rctbridge reference in rctimageview 
lrqa - 16761 update unzip - weblogic target to include executable permissions for all . 
added dependency on mockito for unit testing 
get help for package completions 
remove unnecessary link_flags from consoleio project 
remove timestamp from javadoc 
added oliver to the contributor list 
cd . 
remove duplicate eclipse classpath entry from build . gradle 
adding lang3 jars 
add irc notifications to travis 
added storm - 1397 to changelog 
disable one of the ` externaljavacintegrationtest ` test cases . 
new version 3 . 1 . 1 
updated parent version . 
testdata 
increase the size of ijar_test 
improved readme 
update readme . md 
version bump 
change podspec version to 2 . 0 . 0 . 2 
fix a serve memory leak by properly disposing the liquid wrapper . 
built new snapshot 
updated junit dependency . 
update travis config 
renaming create2 
builtins module added to requirements . txt for py 
prepare for next release 
replace deleted flash files 
added image for play store ( new requirement ) 
added storm - 132 to changelog 
lps - 35161 rename file to keep history 
added all the documentation images to the repository . 
remove the gradle file from the realm folder 
project init . 
move runtime / go / license . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / web - proxy / . 
use bash 
rename metaqtopic . java to metaqtopic . java 
update circle ci java version 
added test case to k2jvmclitest . 
bump up version . 
update cname 
use latest support library ( r9 ) 
version 3 . 0 . 6 
fix setting provider for the root group 
fix changes . txt 
added tag default / master for changeset a970aba8f8b5 
updated to fml build 114 
bumped up parent from 2 - snapshot to 2 
use gradle 2 . 4 . 
fixed winpty - agent . exe for win xp 
this uses some python multiprocessing to upload parse to different nodes at the same time . 
update readme . md 
add description to pom 
updated changelog 
update libjitsi 
make executesingle limit to 1 
change intsetiterator to public 
jna updated . 
add warning about data volume to enable_metrics_collection 
lps - 66594 move portlet java file 
sonar - 7407 fix small ui glitch in ff 
update pom . xml 
zeppelin - web builds fail on osx due to phantomjs port conflicts on port 8080 
minor fix in the broker failure test for clean shutdown of servers 
update mixin submodule to latest version 
custom avs 2 . 9 . 8 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon for ' changeblockevent . pre ' addition . 
update metadata to use correct license 
fixed groovy layout 
groovydsl testdata fixed 
update readme . md 
add new background image 
this test takes quite a long while to finish 
lps - 294 - cdata comment is malformed 
false 
switch to the current ios 4 . 2 sdk . 
lps - 66936 move basestagedmodeldatahandler 
use truth snapshot until truth > . 24 is released 
added webglunsignedbytearray to jslint . 
suppress content - length in requests without content 
bump maven - resources - plugin to 3 . 0 . 2 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 193 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
download apk file directly from here 
update spongecommon for another timings improvement . 
add a virtual destructor to the ttsengine class . 
prepare release astyanax - 1 . 0 . 0 - snapshot 
await ( ) needs to notify as it ' s changing the value of available 
fixed failing setpasswordcommandtest 
revert " lps - 52740 language properties " 
added storm - 695 to changelog 
use session cookie name as a marker to identify which context . xml was deployed in those scenarios where multiple context . xml files are present 
allow target to override preloaded - classes file 
update to latest gradle plugin 
updated changelog 
update mcp url for snapshot 
lower gridfs . default_chunksize from 256k to 255k so that chunks inserted into a collection using power - of - two allocator do not waste a lot of space 
removed an unnecessary line introduced into changes . txt by change r1087844 
change cql version in cqlsh 
update readme . md 
add missing test resource 
also create output dir . 
update readme . md 
prepare change log . 
add a @ suppress { checktypes } to the global " module " function . 
update to haha 1 . 2 
ensure that creating a loader / loadermanager after the activity has 
catalanupairedquestionmarksrule . java set off by default . 
improve textinput docs 
added sitemap redirect to example apache config 
preparing for release v0 . 8 . 6 . 
don ' t try to build repository branch 
act - 119 moved wsdl file next to the according process definition 
fix an issue where ' getmediafilemimetype ( file mediafile , boolean isimage ) ' is called with false on images 
deploying travis artifacts only for the linux build . 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 0 . 9 - snapshot ' . 
fix a viewpager bug repopulating after a data set change that removed 
updated python port ' s install instruction to avoid build errors when pyyaml ' s not already installed . 
correct javadoc for method servletcontext . getvirtualservername ( ) . 
getname ( ) exposed in socketionamespace . 
travis config corrected 
update jar 
lrqa - 22879 restore wildfly test to the pr tester 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 122 - snapshot 
staging - portlet - data - handler 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
travis updated to use jdk7 not 6 
remove unnecessary import in displayutils 
make blueprints - test a test scope dependency 
source formatting 
updated changelog 
update build . gradle 
removed missing doc from docs 
create readme . md 
mv build . gradle build / 
use the undeprecated valueconverter 
removed realm beta logo and added an h1 logo 
update pom . xml 
onboundschange optimized 
httpclient dependency as test scope 
add configurations 
updated description of spock - report project 
allsaucetest task is now added as soon as geb - saucelabs plugin is applied 
delete unused bazel . rc file . 
delete dimens . xml 
update travis . yml 
corrected the judge of jconsole ' s path 
preparation for release of 5 . 3 . 1 
update travis notification email 
sonar - 3887 fix compatibility with oracle and postgres 
 ' 0 . 19 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
update changelog for storm - 980 
update spongecommon for user lookup cache fix . 
updated mockito in pom . xml 
allow plugins to set ext . multiarch to enable multiple apk building 
gh - 471 - attempt to cache maven repository in travis 
upgrade to rabbitmq amqp client 3 . 6 . 0 
added not in readme . txt about crate specific system properties 
hhh - 9893 - proper karaf features file task dependency for artifact publishing 
remove pro guard configuration line 
update circlejumpdrawable . gif 
done groovy full 
revert binarydelta . 
idea - 145029 map help button of the page startup tasks to the specified id 
do not merge - updated media playback transport controls ( b / 3116268 ) 
update readme . md 
grails - 8633 nicer looking pdf output from docengine . 
update application screencast we are going to use in the project readme . md 
testdata fixed 
add link to snapshots 
add reportunknowntypes to the list of valid suppressions . 
upgrade maven dependency plugin to 2 . 8 
for mac os 
fix unboundlocalerror if len ( string ) < 2 
if minimumidle > maxpoolsize , no need to set maxpoolsize too 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 74 - snapshot 
rm usless screenshot 
revert " removing docs assembly " 
fix for grails - 4732 
rename userscontroller # delete to destroy # no_issue 
language keys 
add missing file to previous commit 
update jdirectshow . dll for windows 32 - bit . 
add sample image for readme 
add an icon . jpg file to the project . 
update readme . md 
update library reference ( code review ) 
update changes . md 
bump version number to 2 . 0 . 4 
remove requisites not present in solaris 11 
fix welcome page styling 
add proguardfiles configuration to modulesexample / app project ( # 2678 ) 
timeout is an int 
add logo 
cache node_modules on travis 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 105 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
use netty modules 
art added 
make all functional tests non transactional . 
make cpoint accessible to subclass 
remote flex project files from . 
update news 
should only be test 
bump version in readme . 
upgrade gradle build scan plugin to 1 . 1 . 1 
fix autodeps file 
each tested chaos monkey script must now include the name of the monkey 
document - library - repository - search 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 61 - snapshot 
implementing before on node set 
update changelog . txt 
some more tests in runner2 . sh 
delete ic_launcher . 
bump version to 1 . 0 . 2 - snapshot 
update to the latest android - iconics core 
fixing azkaban url in notice 
make javadoc task depend on compile task in upload 
add instructions for local maven install to readme . md 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
tweak startup script for older cygwin installations 
update readme . md 
use more readable message for invalid symlink trees 
fix groovy dependency issue on smoke - test . 
fixed width when using " wildfire enterprise 3 . 2 . 0 release candidate 1 " 
update news 
these seem to be passing on the small machines . 
updated copyright to 2015 
server should just exit whenever there is some unrecognized option 
flakytest 
in indices . put_mapping , the type is required 
update readme . md 
lps - 54852 do not create empty osgi - inf dir in the jar 
updated to build tools 23 . 0 . 1 
add volatile to picasso singleton access . 
lps - 68957 lower the timeout time , no single test method is allowed to run over 20mins by default . 
prepare for next development iteration 
grails - 7570 - fill in a starting template for testing filters 
accessiblity scroll event firing callback not properly reset . 
add xhdpi and mdpi variant of filter icon . 
lps - 50493 wrong background color on kaleo forms admin wizard 
bump build number 
basetestrunner . setpreference static 
update readme . md 
moved pyunit_save_load_model . py to nopass because it doesn ' t work on windows . 
test . 
gdx - image macosx natives 
update indexes fix 
adds build tools to travis config 
build tweaks - see email 
remove test for troubleshooting 
download support libs for travis 
fix option parsing when piping data in via stdin 
ease type png . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / bookmarks / . 
added storm - 1104 to changelog 
declare orientdb - core dependency to be of jar type 
setoffsettorefresh float div bug 
upgrade version of objenesis 
bin . . . 
upgraded studio with last fix on functions 
updated changelog for recent html fragment fixes 
travis integration 
cancel popup on navigation 
readme update 
update readme . md 
use empty array instance rather than brand new array 
lps - 45493 resourceblockid should be resourceblockid in rolefinder . findbyr_n_a 
notes about encoding changes 
update readme . md 
logging more changes 
include updated aapt for unix and macosx 
added storm - 2052 to changelog . 
update spelling and grammar of readme 
lrqa - 22085 add sikuli image 
add storm - 1524 to changelog . md 
upgrade avro jar from 1 . 3 . 1 to 1 . 3 . 2 
disable the testgraphhandler . java class for maven unit tests as it is 
fixed document authors ( side effects of c ' n ' p ) 
update spongecommon for setblock api tracking fix . 
version bump . 
add - - enabledonly option 
unpack localization during prepare - package phase 
force a webview pictureset reset on screen rotation . 
pic 
set the flag " assertions in test detected " if setup fails 
updated changelog 
image optimizations for docs . 
update readme . md 
upgradet to apache commons email 1 . 4 
version change 
changelog 
changed param in ref doc to reflect change in c + + ref doc 
bump android gradle plugin version 
remove build top level folder from git 
updated to parent 25 
fix pycharm edu icon 
removing outdated booklet pdfs 
change ulimit to 2048 for non root mac users 
add bytesreceived to tomcat metrics 
fix link in readme 
adding dummy credentials 
update readme . md 
move to new travis infra 
updated changelog 
removed obsolete repository declaration 
change to nopass until i figure out why the numbers are wrong 
taken out old activity 
mention output directories explicitly in bazel . 
renamed test_model_management . py to test_rest_api . py to more clearly describe its role . 
alpha - 20 / 297 version bump 
lps - 68937 ( web ) rename icon file 
removing unused options in webpack config . 
update arrays . xml 
exclude license file in assemly jar . 
add samsung sghi560 
removed unused incompilable input file 
updated hbase lib with new datastore methods 
re - apply day / night to all activities 
explain returns a 1 , not 1 . 0 
added eclipse dotfiles to . 
update spongecommon ref for mixin fix . 
update readme . md 
made ci script print stack trace 
fix uppercase column names 
using a networkimageview in reply row template 
lps - 6696 - portlet menu doesn ' t close when opening configuration popup 
lps - 51081 porting liferay / liferay - plugins @ 9e2f351250fd08e665eed2ff8dc1427db2e91992 from ant to gradle 
add apk 
core - 1833 update inverse for addcolumnchange to use a " multiple " dropcolumnchange 
more features 
missing ant jar 
travis - ci 
remove a print statement that i accidentally left in a test . 
update readme . md 
track jaspi api change 
added my name to the contributors file . 
alluxio - 1992 remotelly - > remotely in workersource 
update demo gif files 
fix rpc id for profilerequest 
fixes # 224 change lasttimespacepressed to a long 
removed files 
migrate away from lightsout ( ) in beanbagdream . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 102 - snapshot ' . 
add cdh 5 . 8 . 0 to list of support hadoop versions 
updated version 
use latest travis - utils 
add a testfile 
jar v47 
fixes duplicate file transfer appearance in chat window . 
update in release . sh to link dtds folder to htdocs 
update build . gradle 
fix memory leaks in throwable 
call setloaded ( ) in pimage . loadpixels ( ) 
make boundcolumn inner class , static to reduce footprint 
hiding drawerlayout does not fire correct accessibility event . 
bump version 
forcing platform jna lib to load before a 3rd - party one 
adding missing override annotation . 
fixed incorrect description in changes . txt for hadoop - 6701 . 
partial fix for remove tag version from all javadocs , # 718 
added design library 
updated changelog 
made iaudioservice . setbluetootha2dpon ( ) not oneway 
update wrapper task to 1 . 1 - rc - 1 
update readme . md 
update changelog 
fix failing test 
add storm - 1661 to changelog . md 
sorry , testing svn 
uadded storm - 213 to changelog 
changes update for cassandra - 1216 
remove sideonly in packetpayload 
experimental travis ci build for newer mysql 
releasing orientdb 2 . 1 - rc6 
unused import 
gibberish logo icon moved to the resources package 
images for readme file 
updated changelog 
grails - 6047 , grails - 6089 - improve handling of calls to local closures in bootstrap 
updating version . txt top section 
cpp - 5210 add " accessors " to idea english dictionary 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 50411 
update android library reference 
update version 
updated introduction course to python 
updated findbugs to compile phase 
update to latest android gradle build tools 
lps - 68937 ( web ) move icon file 
update owncloud library reference 
fixed crash when playbackservice wasn ' t running and no last played media 
update build tools version to 2 . 1 . 2 
prepare for next development iteration 
stop the app after rendering in this test . 
update news 
push version to 9 - beta3 . 
updated build tools version 
update readme . md 
include ` private - cli ` on npm export 
added clover license file 
never show expunge on actionbar . 
move tests to pass . 
reorganize a few things so that targets can be sorted better internally . 
check in a snapshot just in case i break something 
added support to jml for removefriend to work . 
new rules and some fixes 
add a little more transparency to widget backgrounds . 
fixed py - 7294 invalid warning about encodings in python files 
fix a typo in squidb - reactive build . gradle 
updated build tools in travis 
removed extraneous jar file added by distribution 
updated library with the new travis config 
recompile jdirectshow dll for windows 32 - bit and 64 - bit . 
tiny typo in post usage example of delegate in feature docs . 
adjust readme . md 
upgraded elasticsearch to 0 . 90 . 6 
add paul draper ( @ pauldraper on github ) to the contributors file . 
don ' t show empty python code style settings page ; fix python preview text 
lep - 6723 - missing depency for datepicker and dialog in barebones 
add fatter divider on xhdpi devices . 
add symbolic link from sonar - web to core . properties 
move h2oapp into a package 
remove javaversion task from gradle script 
deprecated annotation to methods . 
update ace 
now the rollbackifunchanged does nothing instead of throwing uoe 
apparently unnecessary file is necessary 
update changes 
add transition screenshots 
fix compiler error on com_android_mtp_appfuse . cpp . 
update readme . md 
latest netty release 
don ' t swallow fatal errors in operatorzipiterable 
add for dev 
bumped parent - pom - > 7 - rc 
create readme . md 
return if found an action to refresh 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc2 ' . 
added excludedependencies to pom . xml to prevent core classes from being bundled into core - tiger jar 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 23 
release version 3 . 2 . 1 . 
clean up travis . yml . 
updated reference to library with updated singlesessionmanager 
web - 6848 map help button of the emmet page 
don ' t add slf4j - api jar twice to distributions 
we are using the individual jain - sip jars and no longer this one . 
add one - sentence summary to management section 
update experimental functions 
removed unnecessary warning logs related with clientbootstrap 
fix travis 
use default theme for dialog box . 
return parallel unit test execution . 
update readme . md 
as7 - 6599 update web - common pom . xml to use 1 . 2 version of common annotations api 
let completion isautopopup be the same as invocationcount = = 0 
added gibberish slick to the list of tests executed by nightly builds 
print library lint - result . xml after build finish on travis - ci 
lps - 70007 add query string to the redirect url in cases when query string is not null 
super . init ( ) failed 
make sure we return the action 
updated json - simple to 1 . 1 . 1 
fixed language denominator 
update to build tools 23 . 0 . 1 in sample 
less vertical spacing for prefs panel checkboxes 
fix broken method worksource . set ( names aren ' t applied ) . 
add storm - 1739 to changelog 
and then really build debian package 
broken by revision 1468 , referenced class must not be private . 
method made non - static 
update library reference . 
rc2 - snapshot 
making nodes list a real list 
reset inspektr version back to the ga released version 
added bin folder to bigbluebutton - web / . 
kafka - 2034 sourcecompatibility not set in kafka build . gradle ; reviewed by neha narkhede and ewen cheslack - postava 
make class accessible 
libexif is now libjhead 
a small addition to the fullscreen externs 
travis should build with jdk8 
removing relative path to parent pom , make sure parent pom version 5 is used . 
revert " bump version of h2o ! " 
faster exception 
add french info 
set version to be 1 . 0 . 1 snapshot rather than 1 . 1 . 
easiest way to add a clicklistener # 41 
update changelog 
update ranchangeset . java 
removes scala dependencies from zipkin - ui 
fix a typo in comments 
missing break in switch statement 
change version dependency on commons - configuration to a range . 
update changelog for storm - 454 
documentation about running one unit test 
fixing when a chat message is added to a collection 
upgrade wagon - ssh to 2 . 4 . 
bump parent version to 5 
remove unneeded println 
use the latest 0 . 10 . 103 version 
update sunos jars 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0 - rc1 
revert unnecessary build / version changes 
settings . gradle for root dir 
added more documentation images for blueprints interface section 
update storm - 1610 pr into changelog 
update changes 
make final 
added a shutdown method 
improve rat - excludes pattern to cover subdirectories in documentation build . 
this should be android 4 . 2 , not google apis 
remove sys_guid , it ' s security . 
adding build / { classes , jar } / to . 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
intellij doesn ' t like trailing newlines ; removed from neo4j . xml . 
updated screenshot 
removed duplicate ' laxanzien ' 
update common / buildcraft / builders / itembptbase . java 
update gradle conf 
update version of artifact 
create kk 
lps - 47045 add @ override 
preparing for release v0 . 8 . 6 . 
rename crashlytics . properties . template to fabric . properties . template 
make search highlight more prominent 
fixed description in pom 
fix search box width 
added eclipse project dependency on org . springframework . asm 
lrqa - 27624 add facebook test properties 
update readme . md 
adding testing to template 
updated ios - sim to latest phonegap version plus unbuffered fix 
changed version 
updated changelog 
folder facet doesn ' t shows the folders . 
update system test manifest . in 
fix docs deploy 
upgrade aalto - xml to 1 . 0 
avoid boost vptr errors ( false positives ? ) 
use explicit aar dependency for smoothprogressbar . 
unused import removed . 
suppressing warnings from boost about auto_ptr being deprecated . 
fixed failing test . 
added version dependency for checkstyle in anticipation of a java 8 supported checkstyle soon 
adding fest jars 
more css tweaks 
fix nodetool getendpoints when the key has a space in it 
usability problems and other bug - icon size fix 
lrqa - 25866 add properties to designate tests as ce or ee only 
prepared for next iteration 
update bower . json 
update to cacheword with fixes 
update version to 1 . 2 . 1 
set log level to trace for package action . support . broadcast in the recoverypercolatortests # testsinglepercolator_recovery test . 
don ' t confuse stat and stat64 . 
add install task to root that installs the scripts jar and populates the dependency cache 
fix build 
fix platform 
fixes signing of javadoc / source jars 
reinstate action to make the binaries executable when assembling the integration test distribution . 
lps - 27577 dmd portlet only shows deleted items . 
bumped version 
protected visibility for table in abstractconcurrentmapbase . segment 
adding ossmetadata for netflixoss tracking 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 2005 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
process correct input file for rmd 
update project name 
added a dummy test case 
add site deploy note 
added storm - 1624 to changelog . 
change sdk version variable to 2 . 3 ( for docs ) 
update readme . md 
add inspection description 
ps lib 
preparing for release v0 . 8 . 6 . 
replace 0 . 20 . 2 with a canonical jar 
updated es upstream to fix flaky es tests 
upgrade to guava 14 . 0 . 1 
fixed invalid jdk range in pom 
make simpleconfiglist . get return an abstractconfigvalue 
linked library version with session support 
updated dslv submodule 
updated changelog 
updated from parameter description . 
bump version in master . 
lps - 38219 prevent document titles in documents and media portlet from overlapping with documents below 
fixed tests by running super . teardown ( ) 
record default slide type 
update changelog . 
update gradle . properties 
added openpgp keychain submodule 
clear buffers as well as handler once they are no longer needed . 
update bitmaputils 
lps - 68844 no need for bnd . bnd in theme 
simple icon in normal res folder 
remove blade - sample 
add plugin . version 
disable codenarc for ci builds 
change xml tags order . 
updated changelog 
remove extra plugin 
delete okhttputils - 2_4_1 . 
update gradle build tools 
added test - compile - time dependency on the servlet api . 
let travis delete node / npm before running build 
added release note 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 64 
remove " # include < openssl / engine . 
travis - ci not to using deafult node . js \ npm any more 
removing openjdk8 from the travis config as this isn ' t supported 
allow travis containers . 
upgrade to mockito 2 . 0 . 86 - beta 
 " mockito " 
show crosshair cursor on the canvas . 
latest trakt - java snapshot . 
updated mysql - connector - java to 5 . 1 . 38 
bump version to 2 . 0 . 0 . 
gh - 58 benchmarking with hbase 0 . 90 . 5 ( akkumar ) 
oops , a typo 
update style . md 
cat test output after the tests run 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
avoid looking for sizingpolicy if element is not a list 
protobuf java / nano are now on maven central 
configure idea to use jdk7 
updated contributors file 
 / / github . com / osmandapp / osmand / issues / 2214 
trim sql statements . 
replace idxmap with groupbyfieldextractor 
prepare release astyanax - 0 . 8 . 12 - snapshot 
updating the overall project readme to say where to find php usage information 
updated changelog 
no gini param 
added bwc indices for 2 . 0 . 0 - rc1 
change name in readme 
test rename . 
append change log for 12 . 2 - beta2 . 
added new ( and better ! ) 
removing appcompat library , fix satyan / sugar # 276 
increase default permgen size for spark - shell 
added a note to the spec . 
mark testremoveobjectdelaydefault as problematic 
remove todo 
also release android sources to npm 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 31 
add getcount method to bytesinputstream ( @ mysterymachine ) 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - beta3 
updating title 
add lgpl desgination to hunspell 
adding people to authors 
added checkstyle rule that warns about tabs in the code 
jetty . sh to support status which is = = check 
add new hdpi and xxhdpi resources for penandink icon 
intro branches have gone 
updated changelog 
fix sdk build due to missing import in telecommconstants 
upstream fix for npe in irc - api . 
update readme . md 
released a new snapshot . 
removed required maven version from enforcer plugin to make buildhive job work . 
update changes 
usr / bin is unlikely to be a valid python interpreter path 
skip javadoc 
update readme . md 
updated fml 
fix typo which cause stack overflow if children ( ) was called 
lrqa - 18774 update the poshi runner version to ' 1 . 0 . 22 ' 
snapshot 
updated changelog 
problem reported by carlos alexandre and martin andre . 
fix dep of sql ext . 
upgrade to okhttp 3 . 1 . 2 
change apk to 1 . 1 and qrcode link 
update location module 
reset postsshouldrefresh 
include coffeescript in pycharm 2 . 0 build 
add required file 
update jar 
don ' t commit the debug file please 
modifies # getpresences ( string ) to return an iterator on presences instead of an iterator on map . entries 
license header fixed 
custom privacy settings implemented , tested and working already . 
update uiwindow . inc 
lps - 45495 include the extender module into the build process 
update to elasticsearch 2 . 0 . 0 
update native jar to 3 . 2 . 2 
upgrade to gradle 2 . 2 . 1 
got rid of support lib jars 
tweak version on main jar file 
add button ui to unix 
updated changelog 
onload optional . . . 
remove " incubating " classifier 
lps - 65492 add bnd . bnd 
update changelog 
update readme . md 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 21 - snapshot ' . 
lrqa - 22013 update search test properties 
removed unused properties 
updates the opus binaries for windows to 1 . 1 . 
added 0 . 11 . 0 release date to release note 
redirect all command line arguments for pt . cmd 
set local_min_sdk_version . 
update android gradle plug - in to 0 . 13 . 3 
add add - on to the . 
body is required in ` indices . put_aliases ` 
remove jar after felix upgrade . 
bump version 
update to latest android - support - v7 - appcompat . jar ( v21 . 0 . 2 ) to fix crashes 
 " iconable " 
add changelog file 
fix selection not removed if items were removed 
added asus transformer infinity to tested - device list 
test a change . 
updated changelog for version 0 . 2 . 2 
add manifest with default class to standalone otp . zip 
upgrad library version name ( 1 . 0 - > 1 . 1 ) code ( 1 - > 2 ) 
jetty9 - reduced test logging . 
updated reference to owncloud library with reduced logs in operations in shares 
updated contributors file 
added storm - 1373 to changelog 
call tune ( ) in hardwaresession 
remove version - snapshot 
upgraded groovy jar to get generics improvements and deadlock fix 
remove hard - coded jython version 
update spongecommon 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / comment / . 
cookie store access 
update golden image for tests . 
add javadoc plugin 
non - opaque background for hyperlinklabel 
prepare version 24 - beta1 . 
strange coersion bug in groovy shell 
bumping up curr . release to 0 . 60 
updated changelog 
update overview . md 
increase version number 
border and background for actions table 
removed extraneous space in worldedit - restrictions . txt . 
update spongecommon for chunk unload fix . 
use child - first classloader for sonar - email - notifications - plugin 
hazelcastclient . getmap - > mapproxies . get ( o ) 
add to version . txt 
framerate change to lower cpu usage on example 
added example program test jar 
upgraded gradle in wrapper 
three box images 
added expire time to bbb landing page 
update gradle - wrapper to 2 . 7 because 2 . 6 keeps failing on travis . 
changelog updates and gremlin 1 . 2 logo added - - - 1 . 2 release in 1 week . 
prepare version 22 - beta1 . 
make travis use jdk 8 
update readme . md 
forgot to make the call to loadsketchfromsources in init ( ) local again 
added cold fusion client to community page 
messages list now use flex to fit app height 
add a comment that indicates that you need ruby , python , and nodejs for all of the tests to pass 
provide custom build command to travis 
bump robolectric version to 1 . 1 . 
fix changelog 
bump version to 1 . 1 . 0 - snapshot 
updating lib . minor 
re - initialize camera each draw iteration . 
fixed a test case 
updated splash screen 
updated gradle plugin and roboelectric gradle plugin versions 
add konfig ( # 417 ) 
bump version to 0 . 9 . 1 . 0 - snapshot 
revert scalastyle version to 0 . 5 . 0 
add lintoptions in build . gradle 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 90 
update changes for cassandra - 2041 
updated vanilla dependency to 1 . 3 . 0 - snapshot . 
release process is a md file . 
reduce the amount of logging from the javadoc plugin . 
update jar 
update dsl - json / platform to 1 . 1 . 1 ( significant speedup ) 
add @ override annotation 
update readme to mention 1 . 8 . 6 , close # 531 
upgrade to netty 3 . 6 . 5 
clear fake gtasks token after unit test 
beta - 2 version bump 
auth by last path needs to be true 
moved glm pyunit to nopass due to intermittently failing more often than desired . 
gradle update 
adding supporting file for reviewboard . 
use papplet . exit ( ) instead of system . exit ( 0 ) for present mode stop button 
cglib upgraded to 3 . 1 . 
short - circuit setcontentinset in rctscrollview 
update platform . jar 
update change_log . 
adapted syntax to gradle 1 . 0 - m5 
lps - 43576 copy shared jars to the portal . 
skip tests in compiling alluxio for hadoop 
openjdk7 is too slow 
sonar - 5845 fix separator between issues 
do crlf conversion when core . autocrlf is on only on xml files 
lps - 46461 use pingbackmethodimpl . pingback_already_registered message 
updated android gradle plugin 
fix build git 
isolate the manual tests . 
change min value to 0 on graphs tab . 
use gradle 2 . 6 . 
bump common for patch fix for realisticterraingeneration , probably fixes a few other mods . 
sample update 
minecraftforge / fml @ 888e489394e52abdfb349fbfbd7f8e153b5af124 allow registering custom language adapters . 
adding german language resources 
add 1 . 9 . 4 adapter . 
adding redis module 
set cdpath to empty value so it won ' t conflict when " cd " 
add storm - 1007 to changelog . md 
lps - 65765 sf - version increase 
fix dashboard always display a scroll in ie7 
update readme . md 
make sure background drawables are correct when view is attached 
added storm - 627 to changelog . 
changed travis test config to connectedandroidtest 
lps - 52966 @ deprecated 
update readme 
remove duplicated java option concats in common . sh 
update videomenuscreen . ui 
source jars for maven repo 
track correct transient cluster setting for routing allocation 
update uploads view when finish upload is deleted 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
set idea jdk from build script 
bump to 0 . 4 . 1 in the readme 
fix compatibility of generator with python 3 
return true on long press listener 
set source encoding property in overriden compiler settings to compile correctly in systems where utf - 8 is not the default encoding . 
remove loadposts call from bg thread . 
prepare version 29 . 0 . 1 . 
new belarusian spellchecker dictionary 
update assertj to test scope 
remove unnecessary variable in build . gradle 
remove tpc / lib / fastjson - 1 . 2 . 10 . 
explicitly require 1 . 6 compatibility for util . jar 
fixed oracle schema 
update tabcompat training sample code download . 
lps - 27200 add empty manifest to jta . jar to work around jetty bug 
assembly as preparation goal . 
resolve ' collision . com . badlogic . gdx . physics . bullet . collision ' issue 
update blur lib version 1 . 0 . 1 
shiftreduce parser in corenlp requires pos 
clear the listeners when destroy is invoked 
fix false alarm in e . g . " a usability issue " 
update license 
update gradle plugin to 0 . 5 . 2 . 
adjust homebrew go sdk path 
discoverability is a legitimate word 
prepare release acra - 4 . 5 . 0 
correct user id comparison 
hide ' doc ' changes from jdiff reports 
removed lib folder 
do not set sax to null 
update contributing . md 
update readme . md 
edited audio - test . mp3 to 10 seconds 
update readme 
update font of hyperlink on ui update 
switched from tar . gz to tar . bz2 
prepared for next development iteration 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 113 
correct changelog release date 
gradle . properties cleaning 
reverted temporary change to resolution strategy 
upgrade to mongo java driver 2 . 14 . 1 
add replace regex extractor to extractorutils 
move eventdispatcher to openapi 
added storm - 811 to changelog 
updated changes . txt to add hdfs - 4033 . 
lower down the jdk logger ' s level to warning to help tracing test failures 
deploy to pypi in the install phase . 
update spongecommon for plugin cause fix . 
maven plugin pom . xml update 
update readme 
re - add support module as git submodule 
make sure resources classes are included in the tooling api fat jar . 
make name consistent with other mvn modules . 
update readme . md 
jetty version from 9 . 0 . 2 . 
added relative path to the parent pom so that the user won ' t need to 
updated readme 
lets validate liveedit plugin 
findbugs points out that structfield could be static . 
fix broken import . 
updated changelog 
 " redispatch " 
 - - internalcontext . setdependency was returning the current , not previous , dependency . 
update to 2 . 6 . 4 ( latest stable version ) 
update sample 
add jamm - 0 . 2 . 5 . 
removed groovy jar . 
gump version 
update jar 
interpreter . getproperty returns wrong value 
provide init task 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / frontend - taglib / . 
reverted accidental change of gradle . properties . 
removed unused import from animatorset . 
update windows bullet native 
start the damned thread 
lps - 45983 add a line break since one depends on the other 
docker support for dl 
lps - 41361 language key 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 149 - snapshot 
moved assertthat ( ) back into hamcrest - integration ( really this time ) . 
updated to easymock 2 . 5 . 2 to run in openjdk 7 . 
update to gradle android plugin 1 . 2 . 3 
add readme 
version bump to 1 . 7 . 0 - beta 
use a simple hashset for our listener set since we don ' t need the 
sonar - 2883 remote the unused file conf / derby . 
only includes cpu - features . h when __arm__ is defined . 
update todo . md 
renamed a method for better readability 
more reasonable max heap for cassandra - cli 
update changelog 
the modifiers are recognized as static again now , that the inner class entries are corrected . 
remove com . sun . tools . attach from osgi manifest . 
add note about forge version requirements to readme 
add folder icon resource for local plugin 
fixed emptyvalidator allowing whitespace 
customserializer final field . 
updated admin - ui to 0 . 21 . 3 
update gradle . properties 
update spongecommon 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - alpha1 
plugin does not save book encoding 
get rid of pending user content view after we no longer need it . 
update spongecommon for commandteleport fix . 
delete json2viewflow . jpg 
update spongecommon 
reverted pom to r2 since our build server can ' t handle r3 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
fix apache 
added storm - 713 to changelog . 
removing println from operationmerge 
core - 1216 generatechangelog pulls data with schema by default 
update readme . md 
the new task system didn ' t create the render targets . 
do not increment access counter . 
discovering proxy settings for jetprofile network connection 
relaxed < requirejavaversion > configuration of the maven - enforcer - plugin 
add directory_separator constant 
removed old javadocs . 
removed the annoying font size stuff 
adding strings . xml file . 
update readme . md 
changes the incoming message alert to a less intrusive sound 
use multiple nimbus hosts 
temporarily disable in app billing for next release 
lps - 60975 update gradle script 
updating alloy - rev . 58715 
rename updatedtriptimestest . java to triptimestest . java 
version bump 
update to android gradle plugin 1 . 3 . 0 . 
update android . mk 
add debug to version name 
travis build fix 
remove setlistadapter , it did not fix the " list is empty after using the back key " issue either 
update readme . md 
ignoring bin directory 
remove groovy from announce compile classpath 
upgrade to persistit 3 . 3 . 0 
hashbang added to dictionary 
update readme 
updated changes . txt for breton . 
fix missed error marker in test data 
minor change influencing fill gradient 
lps - 63865 rename poshi - runner sass file to scss 
mark channelhandler . exceptioncaught implementation deprecated to fix warning 
travis 
added missing jaxb type 
updated library reference 
added google test binary for vs2010 
add link to new upgrade docs from indices page . 
update refs 
add badge 
fixed ui in ingored vcs files 
added ' metaclass ' to default python dictionary ( py - 13357 ) 
delete demo2 - badge . 
now lib is targeted to newest android version . 
run the integration tests with assertions enabled 
temporarily disabled mediumtests due to db2 issues on ci server 
gh - 329 updated accumulo store pom to include jackson library in iterators jar 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 11 - snapshot ' . 
update branch info after push , because new remote branch may be created 
fix a findbugs warning 
fix a silly bug 
fix eclipse project 
updated changelog 
change path of h2o py module 
properly signal the condition if we run out of input data . 
add full heron tar ball dependency to the target packages 
modify local repo to / opt / bigbluebutton / repo so it ' s more generic and match with hudson 
add install capture 
revert " when using mdp , we needed to use a texture for diming . " 
temp checkin to fix case issue 
removed redundant line from readme . md . 
updated kotlin example with incremental build setting 
git 
change back to passing since bug is fixed 
add missing break 
added storm - 806 to changelog . 
fixing the generation of constructor annotations by using the element type constructor instead of method . 
overriding default script 
update todo 
idea - 118401 treat git status as write - command by default 
don ' t destroy baseobject3d . mchildren reference 
msg - > fail 
adding missing spouch . png needed for loadimage . pde perf test . 
refactoring string for type0 sms in aimsicd . db 
update changes for 3259 
default @ { argline } to empty in travis profile to work when jacoco not enabled 
applied patch for camel - 105 from aaron crickenberger with thanks ! 
added storm - 786 to changelog 
add about dialog caption 
bubbleflowdraggable handles the ondestroybubble ( ) . 
update readme . md 
fix msn , problem with server initiated adl commands and enabling msn tests again . 
prepare version 21 . 1 . 0 - beta3 . 
added storm - 1269 to changelog 
update server . md 
bump to snapshot . 
import added 
lps - 30525 add lps information for future reference 
lps - 67863 journal - service packageinfo 
bump version to 1 . 1 . 0 - snapshot 
push version to 15009 . 
bug 288153 reset exchange when resending 
updated travis file for java 8 & to notify me as well . 
remove hardcoded version of commons - cli 
deleted the change in parent pom 
switching to travis docker mode 
add multiwords disambiguation rules 
added storm - 1161 to changelog 
configuration is now final 
fixing ffi use of encoding without checking for nullity . 
rename readme - zh . 
update changes log 
solves script can now pick up env var java_home 
bump project . clj to 0 . 7 . 0 - snapshot 
adds missing break statement 
lps - 54484 catch all forms of throwables in getrequestdispatcher in order to confrom to spec 
deleting wrong files 
updated documentation index 
lps - 32718 we need distinct ( as in countbyc_g_n_d_s ) because otherwise we will get duplicates when applying permission to the query 
upgrade to disruptor 3 . 3 . 2 
added a missing def 
fix jdic_misc , not stripped and mask without executable flag 
added sprint 2 comps 
create readme . md 
fix package . json 
only write diagnostics log files in desktop mode 
fix a monkey bug with abslistview data set observers 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 32 - snapshot ' . 
make clean compactions cleanup the row cache 
portal - reports - engine - api 3 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
release rc5 
make refresh button enabled even when the manual push checkbox is unchecked - so that after unchecking user could view the original state by refresh . 
update readme to reflect the current release of auto - common . 
release version 1 . 2 . 6 
rc - 1 / 207 version bump 
delete ant . jar - every build uses the installed ant , not the bundled one . 
update spongecommon for build fix . 
fixes syntax typo in directmanipulation section of docs 
update readme . md 
field made final 
diagnostics fix 
prevent read / write after close 
prepare for next development iteration 
netty updated to latest version 
asmack commit peg updated 
update authors . md 
lps - 51748 move css files 
move back sourcecompatibility / targetcompatibility 
upgrade to assertj 2 . 0 . 0 
don ' t load stream for create action 
updated readme 
update spongecommon for canaddentity log spam fix . 
remove jar . 
cleanup hbase script 
clean should also remove velocity . log 
version 1 . 3 . 4 
move gridicons_clipboard . 
recursion and dp - q02 robot in a grid - unused imports 
change gradle version 
pom update 
create readme 
lps - 50762 make wiki service tests pass 
fixed django project creation for python plugin 
add logo 
web - 9926 remove 0xhh postfix ( property name ) 
add org . sonarqube . 
update the icon again to match android client ' s icon 
dev profile 
upload a new simple apk 
fixes an access violation in h . 264 / video on windows . 
language keys 
fixed false positive in " a unicode character " 
restore main content padding 
prepared for 1 . 0 . 7 release 
updated lzmajio version 
fix a bug for setting labels in buildbinarizeddataset 
update readme 
remove getjvm ( ) function declaration . 
define the group to use for the dependency 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0b3 
built snapshot jar 
force gradlew to use lf endings . 
travis test 
location module updated 
add target directory to . 
travis 
updating version . txt top section 
fixes for joint compiler imports ( align compile phase with previous change ) 
removed unneeded file 
trimming the acls whitelist 
lps - 68231 update gradle distribution 
h2o - py / requirements update 
the default commit message behavior is now used 
add missing java_cmd variable to radioctl . 
removing and ignoring thumbs . db 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 29 - snapshot ' . 
jar depends on compile 
remove old com . db . williamchart reference 
move clojure to 1 . 5 . 1 from 1 . 6 . 0 
added missing changes entry 
prepare version 20 . 1 . 0 . 
bump readme version 
remove useless ` deleteallaccounts ` in ` initwpdb ` 
update spongecommon for teleport cause fix . 
remove jacoco files from repo 
restored android version to 2 . 2 . 
inspection descriptions 
update jar 
forgot a return null 
fixed deskshare applet unisgned version . 
added @ override to the supportsvariablelimit method 
updated license 
remove obsolete manifest 
fix bug where mextensions was not initialized . 
update build . gradle 
added temp test 
renamed r rrg notebook to nopass 
updating manifest 
fix ugly icon in windows setup 
fix bug in bytebuffersend that lead to incorrect complete ( ) method . 
gh - 57 voldemort - enable nio connector ( akkumar ) 
update netty - build to version 20 
rpath for diagnostics 
added missing vibrate permission 
bin commands 
fix a sentance that was 
pub - 864 isn ' t happening if pub - 863 hasn ' t messed up the machine , so remove the nopass from the test case . 
return false at show terms click to avoid scrolling up 
added jflex 1 . 4 . 3 with official set of fixes 
update binary files 
added cname for github docs to accept project - voldemort . 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 56739 
setallowhotswapreplacescript is now public 
default logging to info 
update to newest gradle 
app_platform updated to 24 
added comment to compile . sh 
remove fixed host column width 
updated changelog to reflect maven central release 
peter ledbrook does not have the time to complete the gkd section , so remove his assignment . 
layout fix 
fix device preview iframe covering up device border 
moved to testdir_multi_jvm because it ' s a two jvm test 
ensure we sort completions by match score on return 
fix the bug of type error when calling set_to_default_values ( ) in python interface 
upgrade to mvel 2 . 1 . 5 
journal - item - selector - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
refresh wallet - template checkpoints file . 
sonar - 4252 add sonarqube logo 
updating cacheword 
added travis - ci config file . 
unix crypt 
changed back the dependencies to trunk versions 
removed version number 
lps - 35424 we shouldn ' t return with a valid preference when we doesn ' t change it because the api will do an unnecessary update 
update readme . md 
testdata 
set gradle version to 2 . 2 . 1 for compatibility with nebula netflixoss 
remove openjdk6 
py - 5834 incosistent representation of escaped values in debugger variable inspector 
update version number 
add a changelog 
todo 
new clean build script 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / blogs / . 
0 . 112 - snapshot 
upgraded parent declaration in all trunks to use version 1 of parent - central . 
bug 3424058 increase ime key clicks by 7db for spacebar and standard keys 
updated changelog with transactional graph api update . 
add notice . txt to ce codebase 
update changes . txt to reflect previous commit . 
download support libs for travis 
lps - 52068 - properties 
parquet hive should resolve column names in case insensitive manner ( missing files ) 
add camelhttpbaseuri header constant to exchange . java 
update readme . md 
adding roshan officially as a despot thanks to his great achievements and contributions to groovy ! 
now that usebuffer on this component is fixed , let ' s use it . 
lps - 46198 added a jar required by the json - schema - validator library 
also clean buildsrc when cleaning 
removed pr analysis from travis 
update to commons - io 2 . 4 . 
camel - 6827 remove the unused readme . md 
turn off expanded_activity_debug 
update build . gradle 
updated changelog 
update location module 
adding tools 
re - enable getsstablepreempiveopenintervalinmb ( ninja ) 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - store / . 
gh - 42 response latencies are measured in microseconds ( mikewied ) 
fix license header . 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 25 - snapshot ' . 
keep it as a test dependencies 
resize screenshot 
updated changelog 
updating readme 
the class has to be public in order to be instantiated by the android framework . 
fix bug # 9302365 horizontalscrollview is not rtl aware 
updated springsource logo 
change comment on textsize ( ) in size ( ) 
missing " break " 
added todo 
lps - 36184 missing @ override 
update spongecommon ref . 
fixed gf - async test so that the war produced does not include version in the filename , this should fix the according hudson job 
commiting index list file 
don ' t try to schedule optimize imports on the fly in batch inspections 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 22 - snapshot ' . 
added a generated serial version to uniqueindexviolationexception 
commons cli 1 . 2 is now in rc . 
update year on license quick info . 
icns icons fix 
replace demo7 . gif 
added example percentilechartexample . xlsx excel sheet , useful for plotting hdrhistogram output 
remove allocation tracking file from repo - also add caputures directory 
adds target path to . 
lps - 67352 add check ' avoidstarimport ' 
update spongecommon for collide impact event fix . 
fix z - index of control button tooltip 
update readme . md 
skip auth setup if allowallauthenticator is used 
ha . . . useful to be able to get the size of a stack . . . 
fixed django process termination ( py - 2015 ) 
rename readme . md to readme - en . 
setting default name for multi - project 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 111 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
simplified addedlist presence code 
the astrid - lite flag should be off by default and set at compile time 
remove java7 build from travis 
gradle minor refactor 
allow readers to see message details 
correct a type annotation in w3c_indexeddb . 
add makefile flags for perf 
make " chrome " available via window . top . 
testing anon svn 
moving en / rules . 
update changelog for storm - 54 
next development version 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 28 
upgraded studio to 1 . 7 - rc2 with the new timeline ! 
updated version 
trim hardwarerenderer memory more frequently . 
updated wrapper version . 
version . txt update 
jsf file type 
update release_notes . 
moved pyunit to large because it uses bigdata 
delete a pyc file 
move androidmanifest . xml and res / to have a real gradle layout 
added changes for 1 . 2 rc3 
hhh - 11063 - fix long entity names for pgsql test failure . 
update to cglib - 3 . 2 . 4 - nodep and drop ancient asm . jar 
update pipe . java 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / frontend - theme / . 
adds change log 
fixed an npe in getname ( ) . 
changed components to use parent pom v 4 , producing source and javadoc jar packages . 
add wrapper project explictly to the core libs as it was dragged in before as a transitive dep of toolingapi . 
abort fdn delete when number is empty ( instead of name ) 
changes . txt 
add support for the firebird database - fixed multi - record insert 
renamed class to fix capitalization issue 
using objectid constructor instead of massagetoobjectid factory method 
forced compilation using ' source = 1 . 3 ' switch . 
add jni project submodule 
fix cluster image 
fix testdata 
minecraftforge / fml @ 2ed00c4da0ee76eb15e28eb8ee2c07a3096155c2 splash progress screen will not load in the presence of optifine anymore . 
letting a spock - grails spec fail to see how build server reacts 
gh - 97 updated changelog 
move console log a little up . 
signal a runtime error if the avcdecoder encounters an invalid frame . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 57 
bump httpcomponents to 4 . 4 . 
added storm - 1979 to changelog 
update readme . md 
spellchecker now knows about clion 
skip gc - dependent test when running jruby 
minecraftforge / fml @ 7ab69aff2e19b349e457c1b5fcab8b3b01d22af2 clean up import 
lps - 53201 - updating alloy 3 . 0 . x to 55384504fb1f0ebcf825d783fe636be1becf474c 
update device plugin id 
updated changelog 
jdom in layout_core_upsource 
snapshot 
k - 9 ' s search model isn ' t a websearch 
todo 
update readme . md 
change camel - spring to test scope 
add changelog for v0 . 2 
increase memlock at daemon startup 
update news 
updated changelog 
don ' t dispatchdetachedfromwindow ( ) if the view was not attached . 
remove @ nullable annotation 
make wrappingscheduledexecutorservice ' s constructor protected , rather than package - private . 
updated version number to 0 . 23 . 0 - snapshot 
update to airbase 29 
actionbarsherlock 
update jar 
shut up maven 
fix the droidgap activity lifecycle broken issue 
updated changelog 
added " neo technology " to the copyright remark 
update to latest android gradle build tools v1 . 5 . 0 
upgrade to json - path 2 . 2 . 0 
update news 
added symmetric sslavailable = false in terminateapr . 
log . info ( ) unexpected exception 
run " gradle test " instead of the default " gradle check " to speed up execution and because check fails 
updated to otr4j commit that fixes issues with non - latin sm question / answer 
norwegian localization 
update readme . md 
adding storm - 1372 to changelog 
fixing readme 
update demo project 
clearing done before generating new output + excel walkthrough doc 
new todo item 
upgrade ivy 
add apache commons lang 2 . 6 , for use with apache velocity 1 . 7 
update news 
add completionresult . tostring 
enable helpshift as default 
update reference to library after upgrading tls support 
trying to enable jdk 8 
expose floatingactionsmenu . isexpanded ( ) state 
prepare version 23 - beta1 . 
updated changes . txt 
change itests to be part of the main hive build ( zoltan haindrich via siddharth seth ) 
fix an example of tree model json output 
need val and pos on the interface 
rc - 2 / 310 version bump 
corrected ` timeout ` description in the ` indices . get_aliases ` api 
fix recent regression in drawablecontainer . 
fix intellij 14 . 1 import gradle project 
update readme . md 
progress to be not canceled on start - repair show history . . . 
clean from top level directory performs a clean of astrid . 
do not merge anywhere disable samples in 24 . 1 branch to fix build 
switched rest - api - spec url to https 
cleaning up a warning 
temporary add jruby - 19mode to allow_failures until it is fixed . 
target java 1 . 6 in correct place . 
upgrade groovy to 2 . 4 . 6 to fix java 9 issues 
output dir 
try 8 kib segments . 
streams attribute of message is back 
added credits to 0 . 90 ( # 2652 ) 
fixed asm jar version 
goal of cran - sized jar 
update spongecommon for spawnentityevent filter fix . 
grant permission to execute initiate - publish . 
update changelog . 
publish simple recordings in / var / bigbluebutton / recordings / published / simple 
update readme . md 
fix typo in the readme code snippet 
unused import 
disable wicket example for now 
add destroysinstance to binding . unbind ( ) 
prepare version 18 . 0 . 3 . 
add comment about lifecycle mapping in pom 
add info about " android - appmsg - gradle - sample " in readme . md 
idea - 89067 " unresolved or duplicate id " should be split into two inspections 
updating alloy to 5f5c3ee 
allow the global naming context to be reset . 
remove mavenlocal from build repos 
update notes wrt pull request # 27 
lps - 4372 global breadcrumb looks strange in any theme without white background 
do not call stop ( ) on the mediasource if it hasn ' t been started . 
fix dependency downloading task . 
fix name in synced flush test 
update changelog 
fix the build 
make execimpl protected instead of public . 
just added author tag 
fix sample app proguard 
add xhdpi / xxhdpi versions of the stats widget header icon . 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 3 . 7 - snapshot ' . 
fix core - jdk8 signing 
updating version . txt top section 
update parent version 
add android ndk build path 
removed system / framework / android . 
removed obsolete build dependencies 
fixed the type so that it ' s gradle 2 . 0 happy . 
update changelog . md 
exif test 
update changelog for 0 . 9 . 0 - rc1 , prep for rc2 
modified main gradient 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portal version to 6 . 3 . 0 
fix memory leak in shutdown of networksystemimpl . 
a quick experiment . 
version update 
switch to a single war file 
udpate to jetty 9 . 2 . 9 for cve - 2015 - 2080 
update notice . txt 
s_isinitialized move to anon ns 
add new forced upgrade api , deprecate setforcedupgradeversion ( ) 
javadoc for getname already added to master 
update gradle instructions in readme . 
removing return statement so that the adapter always reloads the posts list after a post fetch . 
update readme . md 
fixed path of library in example project . 
removed test file no longer used . 
move jute file into toplevel src directory . 
updates otr help icon . 
built snapshot jar 
set input method mode for cascadingmenupopup . 
latest dsl - json library ( 0 . 9 . 9 ) 
added json - simple lib as dependency 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 14 
minecraftforge / fml @ 503da3a2577a069b7847c158a27e8316c85ed852 don ' t consider null networkdispatchers . 
update sqlcipher core prerelease 
debug dor darcula nad retina 
fix typo in readme 
lep - 7666 move com . liferay . portal . wsrp to com . liferay . wsrp to prepare for service generation 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 99 - snapshot 
remove version from pod 
use the correct message key 
fix android_media_audiosystem_getmastermute return type . 
update demo . apk 
changes . txt update . 
update readme . md 
base64 benchmarks added 
fix log version in thrift api 
bump dog food build number 
add getbytes to inputstream , url and file ( patch thanks to jeremi joslin ) 
todo update 
adding back this file . 
update library reference , share_with_users branch 
updated introduction course 
add html_sax_push_parser . c and html_sax_push_parser . h to manifest 
deleted obsolete folder ( somehow survived previous rename ) 
add @ override annotation 
update spongecommon for chunk unload npe fix . 
add $ to libclang headers reference 
update sample project . 
updates ffmpeg to fix recording under macosx 10 . 8 and below . 
added discovery file for mina 
lps - 51081 prep next version 
lps - 17777 missing language key 
bump up zookeeper version to 3 . 4 . 5 ( # 526 ) 
typo cont ' d ( remove deprecated method in trunk ) 
use the new ' install ' form when invoking bin / plugin 
updating images for wiki 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 3 final . 
update robots . txt to disallow the community / pages 
update apk 
throve library for git4idea 
bump up the maven version pre - requisite to 3 . 0 . 3 
don ' t silently choose existing import statement when importing from project ( py - 7426 ) 
rename file to fix case issue 
parsedouble for primitives 
upgrade to pantsbuild . pants 0 . 0 . 38 . 
add sql console module to jooq - copy authors . txt 
revert to flow 0 . 4 . 1 
support library updated to 22 . 1 . 0 
move long demos to bitrotted examples graveyard 
update es / usptream to include fetchsourcesubphase change 
emulate filefilter 
update spongecommon 
added bukkit adapter for 1 . 8 r3 ( 1 . 8 . 4 - 1 . 8 . 6 atm ) . 
since 1 . 7 . 3 we will not use proguard for apk obfuscation 
added runtime scripts 
update dnsjava to fix noclassdeffounderror when no network is available 
added focusable true on search_button for d - pad . 
indexer process heap size increase to 2gb in opengrok 
use homebrew to install python3 on the macos build on travis . 
modules / apps / web - experience / . 
lps - 62970 add description and group 
fix the push - tags target 
remove system started 
lrqa - 28586 update poshi to version 1 . 0 . 50 
added tests / drlvm / robovm - vts . 
updated animated gif 
update spongecommon for chunk gc feature . 
update xml files 
changed version 
more attempts ? 
semver com . liferay . portlet . documentlibrary . util 
corrected bitwisenegate in operators documentation ( closes # 144 ) 
upgrade to mongo java driver 2 . 12 . 4 
fix travis oome by adding memory related java env options 
update changelog 
no neeed to generateapk for additional tests , save a few seconds per build . 
moving to lyrk 
update license sha1 file for netty 3 . 10 . 3 . 
support for chromium as well as chrome during linux browser opening . 
mark the new verifyall method as @ beta 
isinstance ( ) is much cheaper than isassignable ( ) 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 30 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 42 
bump release to 1 . 6 . 3 for the playstore release . 
fix bug # 7363015 padding is wrong for first item in a listpopupwindow 
lps - 50757 the freemarker engine requires a web - inf directory to exist in the bundle 
fixes java 5 compatibility . 
remove colormatrix . s 
fixed isdrawing . 
fix memory corruption in spotshadow 
added actor - bots - shared to aggregate 
visitor support for catch statements 
lps - 41900 test - makes synchronous document_library_raw_metadata_processor 
still don ' t know why the heap gets corrupted , but not deleting the omxnodeinstance appears to prevent this from happening . 
added clover . license 
fix typo in storm_env . 
updated studio 
chatmenubarforeground resource color renamed to chatmenuforeground 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 2 
test commit - to be deleted immediately . 
rc - 1 version bump 
jar build for revamped id selector fix 
make groovyclosuremethodstest # testrunafter less fragile 
update changes 
updated changes 
removed redundant maven - compiler - plugin version info 
add jadx - gui screenshot 
added dark red version of titan logo . 
updated changelog 
beta - 1 version bump 
update spongecommon ref . 
update android build tools ( # 810 ) 
lps - 37345 set to false by default to keep behavior for customers . 
do not share strings , also use snappy for stub serialization 
removed geojson from 1 . 3 . 4 changelog 
update library reference 
write checkstyle to stdout . 
update location module 
update libjunbound linux binaries 
added getqueuecount 
upgraded to v8 of android support package 
bump jsonassert 
fix coveralls integration 
memorizingtrustmanager updated . 
lps - 13776 enable it 
new rules for russian 
fixed a bug which is not opened the list at the first time 
processcanceledexception restored 
a default . properties file is required to properly run make init and subsequently the make command to build the sqlcipher . jar file . 
do not process grammars following an error during parsing ( fixes # 507 ) 
document update 
insert copyright before first declaration or first xml - root ( ideadev - 33166 ) 
fix typo in jdk apt - get line in install . md 
project / plugins is deprecated 
downgrading server to jersey 1 . 3 due to issue with loading of external jax - rs packages . 
run 2 . 3 branch against oraclejdk7 on shippable 
update header image 
tighten up type of atob function 
add application tag to androidmanifest . xml 
expose content uri 
updated changelog for storm - 421 
system . setproperty - > setproperty 
correct a typo 
update readme . md 
hive - 10531 implement isclosed ( ) to hivequeryresultset ( yun - young lee via alexander pivovarov ) 
fix layoutinflater copy constructor logic . 
don ' t import from builtins - - that module doesn ' t always exist , plus we don ' t even use range in this script 
excluded another test on java 9 . 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
togglebutton could keep a reference to a previous drawable 
lps - 7776 removing unneccesary attribute " formname " 
update version number in readme 
make sure maven prints the complete stacktrace to the command line in case of test failures 
update readme . md 
bump up jedis version to 2 . 6 . 2 
fix entry name overflow 
update gradle version for this project 
small cleanup in adversarialreadpagecursor 
sorting for find # shell 
wipe change notes from plugin . xml 
lps - 52985 prepare for next version 
next development version 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 65 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
update changelog for rb = 128770 
upgrade javasysmon in the server launcher 
libs folders 
added todo comment 
updated readme . md 
updated changelog 
added a task that can be used as a final release step . 
updated changelog 
r / m duplicate entry for # 3912 
updated studio 
added art 
new day , new gradle plugin . 
lps - 64376 task cache 
apk demo file 
update to bytebuddy 1 . 4 . 20 . 
flask elf owl extension added to twitter . common_internal . auth . elfowl 
added httpoxy id 
src / main / webapp / css / default - admin . 
less threshold 
all temp directories created should be set to delete on exit . 
nullable removed 
create readme . md 
removing dirty hack to fix failing input launch on radio 
new community about screen for eap 
accidentally committed a test change to the android gradle plugin version . 
version bump 
clean up files to minimize checkout times 
test warmup 
added a todo 
added missing version to plugin to avoid build strangeness 
fixes freezes in pa_readstream , pa_stopstream and pa_writestream and incorrect causes of painvalidchannelcount errors in portaudio on windows / wmme . 
test fixes - remove transactional as group is deleted ( with all its stuff ) 
upgraded parent declaration in all trunks to use version 1 of parent - central . 
remove skia include 
provide simple mechanism to convert jetty6 jetty - web . xml files to jetty7 on the fly 
reverted changelog . 
add travis instruction 
allow longer submitter notes 
added upgrades . txt to index of installation - deployment chapter 
return error result 
updated changelog 
python icons 
update readme . md 
dsl platform minified json codec name change . 
super as map key allowed 
 ' 0 . 2 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
create readme . md 
add iostream include to http / header 
apply quality task to the library 
added errorprone ' s javac 
added castor properties 
update changes 
test travis . yml file 
test data 
use jdk 1 . 7 in intellij idea 
small layout fix 
disable lessio security manager for it 
update readme . md 
switch on sm runner for junit by default 
update otr4j to accept html in front of initiating messages 
update android gradle plugin to 2 . 0 . 0 . 
ninja - commit to suppress blist - related warnings in cqlsh 
hum , nokogiri uses hoe which means i should know something about hoe and update this manifest for the syntax_error . 
lps - 50855 move the bookmarks service . xml definition to its new location 
add shared element screenshots 
lps - 57905 change default lock scheme 
removed the " quiet " flag so that travis doesn ' t time out 
response . setstatus now accepts arbitrary istatus - derived instances 
clean http connection upon exceptions 
refactored quartz plugin . 
enable emails from travis to react on problems with master branch 
added license header 
bump libs / utils version number . 
bump engine . io - client 
update to android gradle plugin 0 . 11 . 
quiet navigator context warning 
turn the ipython notebook test back on . 
fix artifacts path and library dependency scopes 
add @ demo as a valid jsdoc annotation . 
remove jar 
bug 4588114 - make gesturedetector behave nicer with parallel multi - touch detection 
released orientdb 2 . 1 . 0 ga 
forward setuser ( ) call to publicversion 
loggingfactory in io . dropwizard . jackson . discoverable 
testdata altered 
creates common gen_objc_dir and gen_java_dir variables . 
fixed a missing import . 
fix bytesperpixel for surfacetexture 
updated changelog 
drivers refactoring 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / ratings / . 
don ' t use replicas if only primaries are expected or the first shard in the list shoudl be a primary 
added forgotten release date for 0 . 29 
return from dpiawarezoomfactor 
dummy commit to unstick travis build . 
publish testkit with sdk 
note that $ { } is special in hocon and not in java properties 
lrqa - 22085 add look and feel to testray test properties 
testing circle ci 
working on including other project in distro jar 
rename the " quickpress " widget to " wordpress quickpress " so that it appears next to " wordpress today ' s stats " when choosing widgets . 
prepare to release auto - common 0 . 4 
update spongecommon 
add missing migration for issue # 254 
update to last stable netty release 
verify javadoc on travis ci . 
fix makefile for docs . 
fix name of rpm package 
migrate to container based infrastructure 
minecraftforge / fml @ bf54d4d66799f2e58944095826d0722ed0120b1f make each mod ' s eventbus log a child of it ' s main logger . 
lps - 56863 move and rename icon 
runclean and commitreleaseversion 
fix file name case sensitivity for uniontyperef . pdsc 
defaultchannelhandlercontext . removed doesn ' t need to be volatile 
include default properties for gradle . 
confinemetaclasschanges requires a list of classes as value 
apk 
update readme . md 
make shuffle client static 
new icon for python file 
travis does submodule init / update by default 
remove unnecessary alter table 
frontend - editor - lang 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
minecraftforge / fml @ 31cf2a9cab6d1977d31436220d9612eaa13d4e0f remove j7 only constructor in enhancedruntimeexception , j6 compiling compatibility restored . 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - beta3 - snapshot 
update android iconics 
allow format script to be run from anywhere 
update spongecommon 
update readme . markdown 
changes 
remove conf from subclass of mongosplitter since it is already defined in superclass . 
fix typo in readme 
add helloedison files 
updated the gradle build so that the testcoverage task includes checkstyle and findbugs for the analysis job on jenkins . 
upgrade to scala 2 . 11 . 8 
remove userid when logout 
add scala back 
show paginator above active links 
lps - 51081 update recommended ant_opts 
update spongecommon for teleporthelper fix . 
lps - 60972 gradle - plugins does it already 
fixed exception in django test runner with custom test_runner function 
add missing xml close tag . 
updated instructions to switch into springboot branch 
the emojicon size was not consistently taking effect when it was set after the text was set . 
update build tools to 23 . 0 . 3 
try new about format 
remove accidental println 
update commons - cli to 1 . 3 . 
update spongecommon 
put texticon . java in correct package . 
fixed build script of sonar sample ( now in the right place ) 
add new param for partialloadblock in imageloader 
changed spout maven repo to more stable url 
fix the issue where the loader ( spinning wheel ) locks out the entire page when it is loading . 
removed xbatch and cicompilercount from travis . yml 
fix engine model texture binding 
gradle 
the basic server skeleton is in place ( albeit a very rudimentary skeleton ) . 
undertow - 941 fixed method return type . 
add changelog comments 
proguard rule for cydia substrate 
update changelog . 
update gradle to use cropper as submodule 
update readme . md 
fixed to ensure that reason is not null . 
fixed broken test 
 ' 1 . 1 . 119 - snapshot ' . 
actually patchify the 9 - patch test file 
adding small screenshots 
update spongecommon 
maven_test 
using id to compare realms will also support in - memory realms . 
replace old placeholder with a new one 
gets intermittent glm assertion error 
map ttl 
update version to 1 . 4 . 1 
omit moduletest to avoid redis crashing 
revert " delete version file ( superseded by package . json ) " 
release the mutablecopy of the nsmutabledictionary for non - arc 
update to flow 0 . 4 . 3 
disable auto - deploy on travis for master branch for now . 
make deflectorexistsasindexnotification closable . 
move diagram 
bump up app version 
move hessian . adoc in his own directory and not in snakeyaml component 
call super . ondestroy ( ) 
bump version 
update readme 
idea - 66333 quick documentation lookup on mouse hover 
prepare 0 . 8 . 1 . 1 release 
removed deps on jansi as packaged already 
fixed bug in proguard . cfg 
created robots . txt to avoid indexing by crawlers . 
replace actions shouldn ' t be grouped by document . 
forgot to rename translation file in last commit when fixing cs_cz locale 
groovysh not working with jvm 1 . 4 . 2_06 - b03 ( update jline - > 0 . 9 . 94 ) 
run unit tests for ci 
update spongecommon for client map data fix . 
moving 6kcol tests to no pass 
change name to install - packages 
add end of line . 
fix manifest for support - v13 aar . 
fixl add listener to avd combo 
add hadoop - 2 . 7 to available hadoop version 
a trial for jenkins 
add project_config to sdk module 
added sourcecompatibility = 1 . 6 to build . gradle 
hpricot wants an xml ( ) method 
makefile tw 
added newline to end of properties file 
updated changelog 
i forgot to port a portion of my patch , that 54602 had me look at what called recycle . 
libstorage needs libbinder include paths 
better icons ( + icon ) 
update readme . md 
add jar for java / dd_plist 
lps - 48927 @ proxy getkeys ( ) 
remove 2 . 0 . 0 from changelog 
these had been nopass due to a hang on quantile , but seemed to pass in the intermittent job , but i notice them hanging intermittently again . 
gradle useant = true 
simplify gradle settings 
got rid of live template macro name clashing with idea ' s . 
don ' t fall thru cases unless you really want to 
do not delete data on remove 
should match the buildtoolsversion with other build . gradle 
add ruby namespace . 
fix cut off carousel controls . 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 2 
fix java syntax error in readme under websockets 
update readme 
needed to encode and decode amf messages 
declare two fields as final in bsonbinaryreader . mark 
fix tests in org . jetbrains . kotlin . idea . debugger . evaluate 
updated docs url 
 " termimal " = > " terminal " 
add fullscreen resolved gif and non - fullscreen resolved gif 
use new get - involved url 
updated changelog 
adds java_package option . 
update webvtt test to check we handle comment in header . 
 ' 0 . 4 . 39 - snapshot ' . 
changes . txt 
only use travelagent if supplied ; addresses bukkit - 3466 
fixed import . 
updated changelog 
fix gluegen dependency issue on 64bit jvm . 
fixed hdfs tests 
snapshot 
set back release properties 
added screenshots 
link to debatty . info 
renaming framedebugextension to framecaptureextension to better reflect usage 
remove definition of event . prototype . data 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 6 
shippable does not support win + java 
added hadoop elephant logo . 
use the latest version of android tools 
update readme . md 
update table color 
show more levels in the toc 
dev commit . 
updated changelog 
added missing delay . 
founder is marked as retired 
initial kotlin support 
added padding to sourceforge image . 
add todo extension 
remove newline in tictactoe example 
readme update 
fix test to account for the new interactive and createhibernatecfgxml scripts 
update spongecommon ref . 
lps - 63706 rename 
update gradle - versions - plugin to 0 . 11 . 3 . 
proguard fixes 
enable unit test on jdk6 and 7 , and use mvn clean package instead of mvn test - b 
lps - 62959 delete file not used anymore 
upgrade to joda - time 2 . 9 . 2 
support pseudo locales on debug builds . 
update readme . md 
new droidsansfallback font file from ascender 
lower cluster timeout time 
add irc icon 64x64 
latest unnecessary file 
server pro user enumeration 
usage of credential cache in rubymine is configured by registry 
change travis - ci configuration for master 
added icons for fit - to - page and fit - to - width 
commit update in sdk build . xml 
android - library reference 
adding android - framework . jar fixes # 34 
update localization . 
put back - snapshot after 0 . 5 . 2 
restored build of distribution 
jna aix port on powerpc 
semver com . liferay . taglib . aui . base , increment version 
upgrade to mvel 2 . 1 . 3 
camel shell commands adapter for spring boot remote shell . 
update twitter hpack version 
fix eclipse configuration to be compatible with gradle 2 
make frameworkcorehosttests use ddmlib - prebuilt . 
enable checkstyle for tests . 
update to use appinvite directly 
removed incorrect < intercept - url > from auto - config equivalent . 
added appcompat & recyclerview libraries 
update library reference 
made evaluator constructor public to allow custom implementations 
added gif for description to the folder art 
should check first if the metacontact is not null 
move grailsastutilstests to grails - core 
changed version to rc - 1 
removed unnecessary logging of test suites being selected 
updated arrays . xml . 
adaptive media pull mode 
replace mask_starfish . 
fix handling of paths with spaces in kotlinc script 
update build . gradle 
lps - 60630 overwrite ownerid if it ' s an embedded portlet 
mqtt - > mqtt 
update gradle . 
hs2 shutdownhookmanager holds extra of driver instance in nested compile 
added findbugs report 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 45 
tell the user about a failed delivery the first ( any ) time it fails 
added files via upload 
use build_number from file 
update root pom to point to new directories . 
make connecttimeout to 15 seconds by default 
upgrade to resolver 1 . 1 
minecraftforge / fml @ 2afd55ab825fad3b07073c474cdb96b348701084 fix scala mods , closes # 621 
add missing libjpeg in linker option . 
improve readme 
update readme . md 
removed snapshot from project 
try another yml file 
decompiler tests moved to separate build configuration 
copy for tag flyway - 1 . 6 
upgrade to mockito 2 . 0 . 59 - beta 
clear cid when entering inactive state . 
remove screenshare webrtc options from config . xml because they aren ' t fully implemented 
updated sdk 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 33 - snapshot ' . 
moving third - party stun implementation from openfire main project to plugin . 
remove flatfile . txt for clean . 
update readme . md 
version 0 . 9 . 18 . 
remove version from gradle . properties 
rename filter to filteractivity to prevent name collision 
prepare for 0 . 3 . 8 release 
update readme . md 
changes 
snapshot 
removed - - stacktrace form ci buildscript 
put templateservlet in the right package 
update gradle . properties 
lps - 15720 add terminated to bad column names list 
downgrade sample min sdk . 
update breaking - changes . 
changelog 
lps - 24314 xss issue when adding a page in firefox 
create temporary directory for javanano test if it does not exist . 
updated reference to owncloud library 
update to 1 . 3 . 1 - snapshot 
lps - 42547 master only - add / edit dockbar dropdown is cut off on small mobile devices 
switch on a few more tests for java 9 . 
travis updated 
added librato metrics initializer to standards 
adjusting whitelist to exclude all com . linkedin . events type packages 
add not_supported error code 
add apache flink 
missed golden file update for sample8 . q ( gunther hagleitner ) 
clean the resolve cache if there were any errors writing it out 
idea - 146469 idea with bundled jdk on os x has incorrect info . plist settings that prevent dynamic switching between graphics cards 
correctly set istext flag for text messages 
delete an unused flag in queryableindexsegment 
fix warning on twowayview ' s savedstate 
stream channel forwarding for rt stuff now working 
update changes 
snapshot 
prevent intermediate scale updates from being sent to webkit while zooming . 
idea - 94402 ' evaluate xpath ' icon 
add esperanto 
update readme . md 
show generic " splash screen " instead of regenerating gradle wrapper when just invoking gradlew without parameters 
use new drlvm - vts - bundle version 
default native proto to correct port in config 
base android version is updated to 9 
removed debug output - x from install . sh . 
beta version = > 2 . 0 beta 9 
bbb - record update version 
prevent maven from pushing changes . 
added rod as a contributor 
test 
added storm - 954 to changelog . 
upgraded ( optional ) gson dependency from 2 . 3 to 2 . 6 . 2 
replace default app icon with a prettier one - droid on a software box sort of thing . 
remove default gcs bucket name , leave it empty . 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - rc5 
added assets / gibberbot . 
try to arrange the proposal . 
add windows dll 
rebuilds jndirectshow . dll using gcc 4 . 8 . 1 ( from mingw - builds ) . 
add ' unique ' 
fonts 
minor fix of the jar name . 
update idea version to 145 . 184 . 1 
update spongecommon ref . 
link to survey 
javascript library scope filter 
fixed broken test case 
fixed error when searching with no projects defined . 
move runit to pass . 
don ' t allow onbackpressed to be called while astridactivity is finishing . 
run shippable ci build against a single jdk only 
remove unused field from compilerconfig 
update spongecommon 
add gzipped test for binary column from 0 / n / y 
update spongecommon ref . 
update readme . md 
openfire images . 
update sample 
fix debian package build 
fixed text color in quickadd bar 
release 0 . 1 . 0b ( 2015 - 09 - 01 ) 
updated version info for v0 . 8 . 7 release . 
update news 
require gradle plugin 
position execution arrow proportionally with font 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 67 
vertical drag supported overriding clampviewpositionvertical method . 
add project icon to the art directory inside the project 
fix test 
update changelog 
maven - project - info - reports - plugin 2 . 9 
fix null top view crash 
cassandra - 1709 allow underscores in ident 
camel - 650 . 
update changelog to match published versions 
added images for instructions on setting up a bigbluebutton vm 
updated a img http link to https in the readme . md 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal / . 
added missing import statement accidentaly removed with my previous commit ( idea ' s optimize import feature ) . 
update to 6 . 8 . 1 - snapshot 
upgrade groovy to 1 . 6 . 4 
adding missing file 
update ognl to 3 . 1 . 1 
update readme . md 
update news 
more todo items 
added pe code to the applicationinfo . xml for pycharm edu . 
bump the version to 2 . 0 
change hazelcast config from kcvs to cache 
update sharedgroup . java 
 ' zuul - 1 . 0 . 27 - snapshot ' . 
add ameba in " apps using smarttablayout " list 
update screenshots 
idea - 90810 please add the word ' reservable ' to spellchecker 
downgrade android gradle plugin back to 2 . 1 . 3 
prepare release phrase - 1 . 0 . 3 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 583 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
list boolean type as " bool " , which is what skylark actually wants . 
1 . 3 . 1 - snapshot 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 122 
react ' 
attempt to use cache 
changed activation 
changed javadoc as it refered ( incorrectly ) to creating a quartz job . 
replace by new art 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon to fix eclipse ' s stupidity 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 150 
make sure jandex is in build pom 
add cloud - gce module 
bump spongecommon ref . 
remove nns postag from ' fouling ' 
disable travis ci on linux 
add license url and distribution info 
add changes entry for pgwire support 
try map versionname correctly 
cvs - ignoring dist and target directories - they are generated by build . xml . 
switched back to explicit junit version due to mvn assembly bug 
let proguard work for release builds 
save lesson id between pycharm restart 
update readme . md 
compile with and target l . 
set pom version 
updated release notes 
move this to pinot - common , so that the code actually builds 
add support lib to seriesguide project , too . 
lps - 66605 ensure that the new modules are deployed 
 ' 1 . 3 . 0 . rc2 - snapshot ' . 
adds an empty png for spellcheck languages without a flag ( they currently appear with the american flag ) . 
added changelog for server - advanced for 1 . 7 
v5 . 0 . 0 . fastadapter . b14 - snapshot 
removed unnessesary clean from cobertura goal . 
add an issue template for github 
calling to_s on the document 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 96 - snapshot 
update changelog . md 
update readme . md 
removed unneeded ant call in build ( ) 
revert " lps - 60569 update patch to gradle 2 . 9 " 
bump gradle version 
deleting ds_store 
argument check for launching voldemort - server 
do not build sources archive in buildall . sh 
 / / github . com / atmosphere / atmosphere / issues / 117 
build matrix test 
fix param name reference in defmulti ' s docstring 
remove pos jj from ' ie ' 
updated todo 
updated list of authors in readme . txt 
lps - 17962 - forgot to remove invalid index 
bump spongecommon ref . 
update submodule url 
update changes 
jogl natives for osx with 32 and 64 bit support 
add contentdescription for compact action_mode_close_item 
changed val hasnext to fun hasnext ( ) 
snapshot 
get rid of deprecated constant usage 
add wallettemplate sub - project to ci build . 
update changes . md 
run the generative tests for 60 seconds , insted of 10 
lrqa - 18690 move ddm paths 
update readme 
samck 4 . 1 . 0 - rc3 - snapshot 
travis was timing out on dependencies 
upgrade es upstream to remove snaphot from version 
build and install the tests jar artifact 
remove stray diagnostics pop . 
changed a typo from shnapshot to snapshot = ) 
bump version 
fixed a bug where gcalcontrolset might not be initialized correctly 
inced version 
upgrade to jadconfig 0 . 10 . 0 
make library . js consistent with internal repo 
bump android version requirement to 1 . 6 
apollo using 1 . 0 . 10 
deleting a commented line from storagebackend docs 
update readme . md 
update to latest getglue - java snapshot , now supports checkin comments . 
jal - 216 add guava and apache to hello world 
don ' t run the tooling api tests in the parallel test suite , as the tapi test fixtures don ' t do anything special for parallel execution . 
add supportsrtl tag to manifest . 
remove < input / > tag 
sonar - 4184 decrease line - height of line - block in order to align text with select2 component 
update readme . md 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 5 . 8 
lps - 2292 link to portlet url is not correctly mapped to layout on import if exported plid does not exist 
nodeset # at , as per hpricot ' s syntax 
updated french translation 
change name 
 ' 0 . 17 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
fix mtp_type_uint128 data conversion issue 
jabber protocol lib 
updated changelog 
remove unused file 
isininjectedfragment getter 
use the new indeterminate progress bar drawable . 
update readme . md 
bump to 1 . 0 . 1 - snapshot . 
update okhttp - loggin - interceptor 
update readme . md 
added storm - 820 to changelog 
cr2 release 
update release notes wrt # 706 
added light font assets 
lps - 54167 add export - package to marketplace app ' s service bundle 
todo added 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 0 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / journal / . 
updated native facebook android sdk to latest 
added todo for perf test 
initializes smack when the class is loaded 
updated changelog 
updated the code - quality codenarc dependency to version 0 . 13 of codenarc . 
lps - 23670 in control panel > roles - " action . add_repository " displays instead of " add repository " 
update readme to mention 1 . 1 - rc1 . 
provide support for a groovy shell based on the cas context 
a little error about character . 
add support lib to sample project 
lps - 10615 - cleanup themes 
fixes felix compatibility . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 96 
another attept to fix the build 
some updates to performancetest build script 
fixed permalink 
update readme . md 
unused import removed 
added files via upload 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 114 - snapshot 
remove @ nullable from appcompatactivity # findviewbyid 
added storm - 66 to changelog . 
update license 
revert the 11 . xml part of bug 3438513 
fixes crash from result of newinstance when compiling with arc . 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 1 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
added maven repo at strangelydim . com , since the latest required version of agrona isn ' t in maven central yet . . . 
update build tools to 23 . 0 . 3 . 
edited build - scripts / build_branches . sh via github 
update readme . md 
travis 
update gradle plugin to 1 . 1 . 0 
update library reference 
readme update 
added compound visitor for dynamic type builder . 
updated index with flow test 
use android gradle plug - in v2 . 2 . 0 - alpha6 
update sts version used to test eclipse setup script 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc2 - snapshot ' . 
put ner back into the default spanish pipeline 
delete strings . xml 
lps - 54745 update jar 
forgot to export hadoop_classpath 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - rc4 
update readme . md 
update news 
update to newer iedriverserver . exe v2 . 48 . 0 
lps - 61001 move jsp file 
remove files from obolete and unused figures 
bump version to 3 . 0 . 2 
missed updating the changes as part of applying zookeeper - 132 patch 
update spongecommon 
moved malmomod . info back to mcmod . info 
update platform version number for docs 
fixed gradle script in readme . md 
demo apk 
clear the password field when reloading the current page . 
updated changelog 
updated versioncode of example app . 
add storm - 555 to changelog 
update changelog . md 
moved test out of src tree into test tree 
bump version in readme 
disable version properties 
update spongecommon 
idea - 100680 
remove autolink form comment textview 
fix swapped lac / cid in card inflater 
more appropriate jsp duplicates 
gh - 64 mavenisation of ycsb with a ( tar ball ) distribution packager ( hariprasad - k ) 
removed instances reset in reload ( ) , since exit ( ) should already take care of this administration 
gh - 414 update properties file name 
add appcompat v7 support library . 
added eye . gif 
do not display the horizontal scroll bar on accordion medium mode 
use latest wro4j in prod profile , using latest jruby version ( fix # 315 ) 
proper implementation of pgplugin . 
added richard to the team - welcome aboard ! 
push version to 16 , 15021 . 
lps - 32742 prevent users from making a friendly url that overlaps with the modules framework 
update android native 
fix update service not enabled on ics . 
dockerfile initial version . 
bump version 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - alpha2 - snapshot 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 4 final . 
new image changes 
update to latest android gradle build tools 2 . 0 . 0 
add security mod 
make compilesdkversion match the rest 
update spongecommon for item drop fix when blocks are not captured . 
switched analysis to branch development 
update emitter 
to english dictionary 
only run test and itest on travis 
you can now zoom both the x axis and the y axis . 
level changed due to the new parent heading . 
adding npawar to acls 
update spongecommon for plugin world creation fix . 
ninja - correcting the the constant for local_one . 
sorry , there was a missing brace . . . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / message - boards / . 
 + rundum - sorglos - paket 
added studio - 2 . 0 
lps - 44033 netcdf sf 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 2 . 
don ' t loop through extra prefixes when inflating prefs 
downloadmanager 
removed unnecessary groupid from plugin . 
update spongecommon for playerchangeclientsettingsevent posting fix 
prepare for development 
lps - 47852 change validatefile to public 
a little of tinypng . . . 
lps - 54867 prep for next version 
include a call to ` ulimit - a ` when building in travis ci 
use ` react - native ` instead of ` react ` on hmr config 
 ' after expression ' for missing comma text 
back to interim builds . . . 
minecraftforge / fml @ 94821fac98e64d9b8ad7434ed23a621850a8e11c add a config file that lets you add additional soft dependencies at runtime - injecteddependencies . json 
updated changelog . txt . 
fix tostring ( ) of resources . asbytesource to match method name . 
make asciidocs use pom . xml ' s tp version 
change code to uk 
notnull - just to make sure 
added a comment . 
comply with small change in gherkin 
i did not make equivalent modifications ( the iscommitted method was not invoked on the facade ) . 
minecraftforge / fml @ 701d98eafa4d55144b166d26030818baa9b2f680 added config gui system 
add storm - 118 to changelog 
add sitetools 
lps - 67352 add check ' genericwhitespace ' 
make argument of nulltype constructor nullable 
add large http request note for apache 
add the beta annotation to setfastinsertenabled ( ) 
grails - 7562 - ensure that the config has been read before trying to determine the server context path . 
removing jackson sources since they ' re huge and not really that useful 
adding commented line useful during testing with phantomjs 2 ( qt5 ) 
depend on agrona 0 . 4 . 6 - snapshot 
updating linux bullet binaries 
 ' 1 . 1 . 126 - snapshot ' . 
css . png moved to file types , build . xml from ss removed 
next development version 
remove unnecessary viewtype assignment in layoutparams 
dexguard works ( assuming no obfuscation ) , re # 301 
portal - kernel apply range for journal 
upgrade to hibernate validator 5 . 2 . 4 . 
fixed a bug with how gcm service is constructed 
improve layout for parameter summaries for model pages . 
updated changelog 
downgrade to testng 6 . 8 . 8 build under jdk 5 
lps - 31951 remove bad language key because there is a space before the equal sign 
lps - 33707 - set z - index on # banner nav to avoid covering portlets 
diagrams performance issues 
sorting out pom dependencies 
memorizingtrustmanager updated . 
hdfs - 5139 . 
update demoofui . apk 
libjhead_jni is still needed 
recover accidental remove mworkerclient = null when removing unnecessary return statement . 
correct help page for passive scan rules options 
fixed listenerlistinst not being rebuild after unregistering a listener , causing calls to unregistered event listeners . 
added " elastics " client for javascript 
restore the drawer state whether it is open or closed 
bump version number 
re - committing robolectric 
lps - 44262 configuration cog icon should be in the same line of the portlet title on mobile devices 
lps - 65854 do not bundle moxieplayer . swf anymore since it ' s no longer used 
lps - 66550 portal - kernel packageinfo 
add ability to get device by address 
upgraded parent version . 
lps - 67914 theme is broken on windows , exclude it for now 
lps - 57193 importing atlas bootstrap theme 
adds a license file 
added vagrant id file 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / configuration - admin / . 
bump build - helper - maven - plugin version ( # 3345 ) 
fix typo in contributing guidelines 
shrunk example image 
lps - 47865 now that all integration tests ' output have been cleaned up , turn on log assert to catch future break down . 
actually specify the size of our bufferedoutputstream as 1k to parallel 
property file lucenevector . props doesn ' t get loaded when running ' mahout lucene . vector ' via frank scholten 
update guava to 15 . 0 
test - paths setting so that java ide ' s can 
updated changelog 
add gcc - fortran to zypper dependencies 
include license in dist package 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . blogs . model , increment version 
java regexps do support possessive quantifiers ( idea - 81507 ) 
post - release add - snapshot 
changed dependencies back to snapshot versions after tagging 
tfj - 586 define cursorsupport # start for the better coding experience 
use find to cleanup stuff 
use years , not weekyears , for week based durations 
lps - 13906 missing div 
oh , java . . . 
move the wcursor increment after the assert 
running unit and integration tests on travis 
explicitly declaring the locale of javadoc task as en_us 
fix check for android_home environmental variable 
alphabetize target dependencies 
set for dev 
formatting fixed for comments after all of properties 
throw exception on remove since it ' s not supported ( idea - cr - 3123 ) 
added and improved rules 
update mit - license . 
add storm - 1874 to changelog 
 " attlist " to dictionary 
oromatcher . jar is required for completion 
fix plusone externs of gapi namespace to suppress duplicates 
rebuilds jnwasapi . dll with a newer version of mingw64 . 
removed openid from sandbox pom . xml as it ' s been moved to main project 
update spongecommon ref . 
updated changelog 
update reflectmjapi . java 
ant version bump ( # 3104 ) 
support for metastore service specific hadoop_opts environment setting ( thw via hashutosh ) 
pin a toolwindow on ' pin ' button click in quick doc view 
update apk 
yaml parsing fixed 
removed redundant build file . 
update readme . md 
support parsing all upper - case and all lower - case text 
remove unused components from notice 
testdata modified 
v0 . 9 . 1 release . 
updated changelog 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 151 
reflect actual release date . 
updated mediator class diagram . 
remove unused wxbridgeprotocol method . 
update readme . md 
add missing addpauselistener . 
adding changelog entry 
update chapq1 . 2 . 
added clean 
new version of sbt - eclipse plugin does not support unmanagedclasspath . 
just a test 
build with retrofit 2 , newer databinding and mock server . 
version updated 
add travis ci configuration file 
fix incorrect hashcode implementation for abstracttype 
commons - io version bump to 2 . 5 ( # 3137 ) 
less elementpresentationmanager usages in spring 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 712 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
fixed the filter decrement count bug in subtasks mode 
upgraded to views - json 1 . 0 . 10 
update with resolved issue 
bump spongecommon ref . 
updated changelog 
 / / github . com / antlr / antlr4 / pull / 875 to java runtime parser 
idea < - > resources made cyclic to support renaming in xml files 
fix readme 
icons size optimized 
removed js - analysis - impl module 
remove an obsolete import for performance tests . 
updating readme 
add contribution note on al2 license 
corrected test data because it will be fixed by kt - 6545 
added changelog . 
updates ice4j to r437 and libjitsi to the master of jitsi / libjitsi . 
lps - 46114 we need distinct ( as in countbyc_g_c_n_d_s_t ) because otherwise we will get duplicates when applying permission to the query 
breaks on react native 0 . 9 . 0 - rc if you modify props , instead create a new object 
updating version to 3 . 0 . 0 - beta2 
changed cruise target to use package target to build releases 
update readme . md 
update jar 
altering build script 
regenerate toplevelmemberinvocation testdata 
fixed a typo . 
why @ notnull ? 
explicitly break on default for exopackageinstaller to document expected behavior . 
update airpalconfiguration . java 
a better fix for race condition when starting usb accessory mode 
deprecated 
update pom . xml 
added joachim baumann to the contributors 
update jar 
add default value , submitted by bill barker . 
removing mmultapp jars from repository 
removed unnecessary com . hazelcast . nodeinitializer resource 
lps - 14413 icu4j conflicts with websphere 6 
upgraded jtds to 1 . 2 . 7 
fix redundant drawpath call 
rip off jruby ' s travis notification settings 
lps - 51081 prep next version 
prepare release acra - 4 . 3 . 1 
update readme . md 
testonly on constructors 
add support library 
style for the enterprise module list 
use classpath , which is being changed by provided , instead of default 
rc - 1 / 226 version bump 
rename to be consistent 
resolve from / libs - releases repository vs . / libs 
resized seekbar . png 
updated changelog 
add travis 
removing unused import 
create img 
new beta version ( 2 . 0 beta 8 ) 
add travis - ci support 
moving mnt test sets to new mnt dir 
endpgl in android as well 
add null check in viewoverlay 
created new feature - graphic . 
lps - 64186 regen gradle distribution 
rc - 1 - versioncode 154 
upgraded to hsqldb 2 . 3 . 1 . 
fix problem with xxhdpi 
test case bug . 
updates avs to 2 . 9 . 3 
beta1 
lps - 46579 return in fileentrysmdh as well when the repository got imported 
removing appinfo . jar 
reduce logging in travis 
hhh - 8735 - do not log deprecation warning from org . hibernate . ejb . hibernatepersistence # getproviderutil 
be verbose when cross compilation is turned off . 
added myself to acknowledgements . txt 
create readme . md 
new reveal print variable name 
dummy change for testing build notification on failed builds 
bump up build number 
don ' t wait for the mountservice to be ready when encrypting 
update samples 
update readme . md 
remove claims placeholder in token generator 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 6 
remove unnecessary library jar 
update core . rst 
java / src / main / resources / client_secrets . json " 
add dexinprocess to the dexoptions - faster build 
fixed typo renamed flow file with tuning instead of tunning 
update spongeapi submodule 
updates current version to 1 . 1 . 2 
update changelog with graphjsonreader / writer . 
allow users to overwrite profiler split default 
updated dom4j version to 1 . 5 . 1 
making specialized async write operation class package - private 
systray tooltip 
fix setanalysis . hasnoresults ( ) 
adding image folder for flow documentation graphics 
updated sample . 
testing travis container environment 
updating readme 
lps - 69400 removing unnecessary file 
added checkstyle file info 
jar was incorrectly named 
fix for linux run script 
fix assertion on attempt to remove a listener twice 
bump dmg size up . 
set version v0 . 4 . 5 - snapshot . 
fix v1decoder error handling bug 
update version 
push eaxy library 
added graphics for wiki on titan server embedded 
updated travis for support libraries 
don ' t upload when new file in camera folder is not a picture or a video 
travis ci 
remove authors file . 
google play badge for readme 
fix copystringtobuffer row index calculation . 
update spongecommon ref for horse data impl 
bump version 
metrics input should be exclusive 
sparcematrix . clone ( ) is not deep copy - removed unused import 
lps - 60633 move flagrequest to service module 
increased the default permgen 
add 581 to changes 
correcting version # in header of release notes for 4 . 9 . 1 
remove new line at end of file 
upgrade to gradle 2 . 1 , increase avocarrot version 
idea - 74625 ( secure temp file creation in a startup scripts ) 
storm - 388 updated changelog 
make help default - jar class to run . 
prevents memory leaks by correctly detaching views in abslistview . 
fixes config file . 
fix default value of animationdrawable ' s one shot property 
partial upgrade of build files for retro ( upgrade jarjar ) 
always set cliptopadding ? 
updated splash screen for windows 
fix cache cleaning - clear cached header rects too 
switch back got snapshot releases 
suppress unchecked warning 
reduce heap size of test processes . 
upgrade to mongodb java driver 2 . 14 . 0 for mongodb 3 . 2 . x compatibility 
fixed typo in the changelog . 
update spongecommon 
changelog has been updated 
change type of r_project to r_rproj ( since semantics have changed ) 
removed erroneous import 
update location module 
push build . 
updated library with the new tests 
made sure web . xml is generated before war 
compile with sdk 24 , update build tools to 24 . 0 . 1 . 
attempt to fix travis 
create notice 
dropped m $ / pdf doc 
fix mbean attribute definition of statetransfered . 
bump version 
fixed the cs error of camel - core 
stub changes for 0 . 7 
close closeguard of pagecontentrepository . 
update readme . md 
new asmack updates jar built for android - 7 
updated screenshots 
updated encrypted value for notifications 
fix node ' s broadcast address sanity check 
no need to add fixed issues . 
lps - 53113 add @ deprecated 
enable hw acceleration for the dim surface on 8k devices 
removed a system . out 
version to 1 . 0 . 0 . 2 
lps - 33626 apply new method to pagecommentsportletdatahandler as example 
minor test change to perl docs 
update build . gradle 
update readme . md 
fix small grammatical mistake in readme 
document how to enable cobertura code coverage 
remove unnecessary file 
change returnkeytype in autoexpandingtextinput example 
serialize genericvertex index so its hashcode does not change . 
ninja - add counter_mutation to droppable_verbs 
fix crash in r some implementations on r_releaseobject ( null ) 
use latest platform tools too 
updated vietnamese translation 
initialize modelview as a pmatrix2d object in size ( ) . 
removes debug line about vcard in smackx . jar . 
update spongecommon 
default supervisor memory to 256m 
introduced potential breaks in release notes 
let wappushmanager depend on its proguard . flags 
hhh - 5616 - switch to gradle for builds 
language keys 
add support for travis - ci 
log h . 264 profile / level in omxcodec 
fixed isuserconfigured 
suppress some deprecation warnings 
remove jar 
fix typo in permalink 
update spongecommon 
modified url for issue tracking to directly show tickets for the component . 
remove gradle - open - api jar as well 
change submodule to forked copy 
revert " comment out logparseresults . " 
fix storm . cmd to evaluate ' shift ' correctly with ' storm jar ' 
added new " create account " to strings 
update news 
add specific xcode sdk to travis . yml 
use image with tm ( the same as tomcat . gif logo ) 
update readme . md 
add requestfocus ( ) to canvas when created 
system - rules updated to 1 . 11 . 0 
fix classpath issue for perf compilation . 
update readme . md 
add apache commons pool2 to bazel . 
revert of " throve library for git4idea " 
add @ since tag 
new testng icon 
testing push mails 
new image folder for the javadocs ( logo ) 
add chromemediasource to mediatrackconstraint extern . 
fix bug # 12422326 unable to change text direction programmatically using settextdirection android sdk api - do not merge 
fix broken jar in test - data 
remove logfactory printstacktrace 
polymer externs have moved . 
pool . java back to the original 
settapsquaresize changed to float . 
new resources for actionbar 
update to the final version of android gradle plugin 2 . 2 . 0 
upgrade apache commons collections to v3 . 2 . 2 
add dynamicimport - package to osgi headers 
update emitter version 
update 1 . 11 adapter with md_5 ' s fix . 
correcting typo created by the copy of lucen4 module as the startup 
change to gradle 0 . 10 
motoya changed two kinds of japanese font files . 
kafka - 365 change copyright in notice to current year , reviewed by jun rao 
restore ' grails - bom ' subproject 
version changed to 3 . 9 . 1 to bleeding edge 
create testutils . java 
update spongecommon ref 
added the gremreaper logo . 
corrected top stack logic of notifications again . 
replace image for practice 6 of layout 
made validation util also have private constructor to prevent initialization 
make coverage ready for serialization 
fix migrating url . 
update gradle plugin to 0 . 12 . 2 
add assert that compactionstrategy ! 
test cases for groovy - 249 
tidy up aopalliance dependency 
providermanager to properly handle concurrentloginexception . 
fml 150 , more tick related work . 
update build to be java 8 . 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 3 . 
remove alert 
lps - 56505 use return , more readable 
bump version number 
change library reference 
update spongecommon ref . 
 - add dummy file to " fuzzers " directory 
mavencentral - > jcenter 
add storm - 1558 to changelog 
update test . java 
drop to jdk6 version of slf4j - test 
add missing @ override to method addcontextpanelfactory ( ) 
wip11 
run 2 . 0 branch against openjdk7 on shippable 
jpa endpoint should be singleton . 
mutable field made volatile 
make ' downloadwrapper ' a default task 
update spongecommon for test fixes . 
updated sbt idea plugin to 1 . 5 . 2 
update readme . md 
fix a bug in canaddtolastinputmethod ( ) 
add new validated pr into readme 
bump xmx and maxpermsize 
make nodeidx public . 
update readme . md 
add / r / lib / in . 
include new doc 
upgrade to new barchart - udt - bundle 
upgrade to nebula 2 . 2 . 7 
update pom 
update news 
updated changelog 
change build . gradle 
new data icon for files pane 
extracted interface configbuilder from xmlconfigbuilder 
deb control file for runtime package fixed . 
fix px / dpi ratio for drawable - hpdi / ic_level_indicator . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 95 
remove old import order 
lps - 61001 move java file 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / notifications / . 
fix # define conflicts with mingw - w64 
camel - zipkin - instrument camel . 
add near queryoperator 
added project . properties 
change overscrollmode for dialogs 
prep portal - impl for master 
added hdrhistohram . jar to base directory for convenient downloading 
fix checking of bintray properties on root project 
fixing the build . 
use the right enum when checking for density configurations 
import context 
upgrading asmack jar to support custom ciphersuites 
script output that will be used in the python booklet for ml 
studio 1 . 7 . 8 
snapshot 
upgrade jruby from 1 . 7 . 9 to 1 . 7 . 10 
update upcomingchanges 
updated set of experimental mode menu buttons 
set version number to 1 . 3 . 1 . build - snapshot 
update readme . md 
delete default readme 
update travis config 
fix bug 3237638 - make it easy to change a " refresh " ab button / icon 
upgrade to jadconfig 0 . 9 . 1 
fixed javadocs in localsession . 
touch file when changing its content in groovy compiler tests 
corrected javadoc on mapreduceoutput 
fix a slight problem when you compile for the first time and have no ooolocales . properties 
demo apk 
wake - up sleeping reader when stop is called 
removes sample from gradle build , for now 
adding 2 . 4 . 7 jar 
lps - 50185 better word to match deleteexpiredtemporaryfileentries 
bumping versioncode for release 
ref doc small fixes 
lps - 55111 prep next version 
suppress warnings about org . imgscalr . scalr class 
after discussing with kevin , moved h2o . unit_main ( ) into h2o . init ( ) . 
add log4j dependency notice . 
update library minsdkversion 
bumped up parent from 2 - snapshot to 2 
update spongecommon for createsnapshot fix . 
updated sample apk . 
trying to fix spock - grails maven build 
apply style to not available widgets , d ' oh ! 
added urllib3 to requirements for py 
dev added to travis build 
changelog update 
upgrade to guava retrying 1 . 0 . 7 
lps - 59148 default timeout time to 20mins 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 137 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
griffon & gradle icons 
remove test source directory configuration 
use sbt launch script 
upgraded the version in the parent pom references in our example components to 3 . 
update spongecommon for projectile tracking fixes . 
cleanup script 
add boxplot image 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 3 . 1 
added missing wait for yellow to indices recovery rest test 
update to airbase 24 
disabling still broken test . 
set uniqueversion to false s . t . only last deployed snapshot is kept 
update app version for publish 
lps - 10949 in developer mode the javascript fast mode should be enabled to avoid a big performance penalty 
added john " tug " wilson in the @ author tag of the javadoc 
idea - 69427 map help id to logn to github dialog box 
updated intellij version to the latest one available for download 
move test to nopass 
spelling mistake in siying ' s name 
fix to sampler agg documentation 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc5 ' . 
fixing compiler build on os x ( clang ) 
update projects_using_mpandroidchart . 
changes 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / frontend - theme / . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 105 - snapshot ' . 
affinity of notificationactivity is now main app 
travis 
update sample gif 
fix typo in dimensionspecs 
remove the accidentally created file python / ~ . 
renamed all checksxxxx . html files to configxxxx . html 
updated year 
enable asynchronous renderthread for webview 
data from model - loaders 
idea - 120568 add gzip 
updated proguard for xposed 54 
move validationgrailsplugintests from grails - test - suite - uber to grails - plugin - validation 
 ' rxjava - 0 . 6 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
added support for the v type as a literal in annotations 
added more features to readme 
doesn ' t do anything in this example . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 75 
remove multidexenabled flag 
renable debug settings for smack 
make " finished " thread - safe 
use cascading 2 . 5 . 2 
update news 
raised maximum size of gelf messages to 8192 byte 
update readme . md 
mac natives for gdx - audio 
update native 
lep - 4510 - themes should contain styling for commonly used elements 
added storm - 1896 to changelog 
fix the layoutlib paint . set ( paint ) method . 
gradle required 2048 heap for multidex 
added bukkit adapter for 1 . 8 . 3 . 
merged with master ( from eb - 2 . x to eb - 3 . 
change beta to beta in version string 
fixed sample client to load oc_framework library with no need to include the jar files manually 
update gradle . properties 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 120 - snapshot 
add documentation to ' use latest java 8 ' change 
add changes entry for unnest 
updated changelog 
dump threads in case of long completion 
remove the wiki submodule . 
the action_down shortcut should return fast 
added console bundle to build 
update contributors . md 
updated reference to correct commit in owncloud - android - library 
remove openjdk6 
remove unneeded file 
update readme . md 
add jacoco plugin . 
experimentally turned exception utils into groovy extension module 
add isplaying ( ) to animation objects 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 118 
note that unframed mode is deprecated 
upgraded builder library to 0 . 4 . 1 so that sdk 22 . 0 . 1 components are used 
support for sip . 
updated readme to include language - specific search feature 
build alternative installer for neo4j - desktop 
update picasso 
don ' t return null network . 
call super . oncreate ( ) 
update readme . md 
oops , add in 0 . 6 section on trunk changes . txt too . 
bump version of cobertura ( supposedly fixes build errors ) 
changed order of repos in the gradle build so the dependencies are more reliably located . 
moved pom version for reals this time 
detect and throw exception for using 
updated changelog 
move release script to a more convenient location 
updated changelog 
update screenshot 
make message . getmeaning public so that people can write their own message extractors . 
fixes when enable provisioning enable and forget password button . 
lps - 55026 keep build number from plugins 
saving blacklist and hold for moderation lists when dismissing dialog 
change jdbcdate to return types . timestamp 
only include files that end in . 
readme . markdown update 
fix apt_deps . 
add missing @ jsonproperty annotation to session source field 
added logging 
added getcurrenttime ( ) to scheduler 
download thumbnails from server with rest api 
sync with official repo , update readme 
fix androidjavadocjar 
lps - 51439 move friendlyurlrandomizerbumper from portal - test to portal - test - internal , as it uses layoutimpl which is inside portal - impl 
fix ios deps for travis 
fix bug to delay the appropriate amount of time per frame 
updated images for checkboxes and pagertabstrip 
prepare next release v0 . 89 . 1 - snapshot 
temporarily silence failing bwc test 
upgrade to testing - postgresql - server 0 . 2 
update readme . md 
reduce number of projects for monolithic c + + project 
fixed issue with detecting html tag state 
conjunction 
update changes for 3733 
updated changelog . 
prepare version 21 . 1 . 0 - beta2 . 
removing relative path to parent pom , make sure parent pom version 5 is used . 
modify min sdk version in androidmanifest . xml 
remove explicit guava version for jruby 
ideadev - 41759 provide distinct icon for index nodes in datasource pane 
make gradlew executable 
updated wiki documentation - - - the general graph model is now called the property graph model . 
enforce requiredparameterforannotation of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
remove uncessary import sun . security . util . bigint fixing jdk8 build 
new avs with fix for audio - 1069 . 
prevents unnecessary exception from ga failure . 
updates post 0 . 9 - rc - 3 
once character update to trigger update of devbuild . bigbluebutton . org 
create readme . md 
update android - iconics 
size ( ) 
update readme . md 
add callum stott to . 
add authors to makefile for release target . 
removed the unnecessary questionb test file , and fixed the naming in the needed test file 
add grails - java8 to the bom 
fixed typo in pom . xml 
provide a reverseeach method for arrays 
imagedetail extends binarydetail 
 / / yusuke . homeipdotnet / svn / twitter4j / trunk @ 35 117b7e0d - 5933 - 0410 - 9d29 - ab41bb01d86b 
r / m redundant assert 
update spongecommon ref 
upgrade gecko to 1 . 1 . 2 
updated the changelog 
updates maven version to 1 . 1 . 3 
update change_log . 
update version for release 
add data directory property for default catalog 
updates travis config to use their new stack . 
updated project properties for ant build 
updated sbt idea plugin 
change dependency to match renamed libjpeg - turbo 
lps - 32474 make explicit that the time should match 
lps - 62682 @ override 
add search tag for swipe view lesson 
lps - 62826 configjsmodules supports multiple includes 
lps - 47046 - dependencies 
removed sysout from animchannel 
uncasted transformation example 
update library reference after merging changes in library 
removing the cordova jar , it shouldn ' t be in the repo 
update busybox 
gh - 66 fixed a typo 
add gradle daemon to gradle . properties . 
explicit completion cancellation is more important than the one by write action 
update to latest build tools v23 . 0 . 3 
add missing project on settings . gradle 
added 2 . 4 . 5 release jar 
update to latest gradle android build plugin 
upgrade parent version . 
testing for bug 5122864 libwebcore related libraries increased by 3mb in ics vs hcmr2 
fix so hashmap doesn ' t rely on property auto - synthesis . 
added storm - 285 to changelog . 
removed unused private fields gesture { detector , listener } 
updated gradle wrapper version for spock - example project to 0 . 8 
grant read permissions to attachments 
kill app and go back will leads to crash 
add changes 
use zinc when forking scala integtests using forkscalacompileindaemonmodefixture . 
update readme . md 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc6 ' . 
removed unused configuration string 
fix password obscuring in textview accessibility node 
fix some hyphenation issues in manual with long code snippets or urls 
added email notification for travis 
upgrade to jruby 1 . 6 . 3 
fix - add travis - ci support 
add right padding after argnames 
added openjdk7 to travis . 
add logo to readme 
standartize " incompatible type assignments inspection " name 
groovy 1 . 5 . 6 windows startgroovy . bat fails to pass classpath to groovy starter 
add usage module - - required for integration - tests 
remove provided scope of support lib dependency in pom . xml . 
update changelog 
fixing opengrok shell wrapper copyright information 
added storm - 1486 to changelog 
added test package to androidtest folder as system link to generate the true coverage 
change precondition for installing git 
lps - 44213 we ' re not using the gradle osgi plugin so remove the reference 
add changelog entry for filtering in copy to 
bump gherkin 
update issue_template . 
remove fixtures . java to test , why was it in main ? 
do not replace map reference 
update build . gradle 
remove unused import alluxio . util . osutils to pass checkstyle 
using yield rather than calling the block 
texts , images , styles 
update okhttp to 1 . 5 . 2 . 
upgrade gradle to v2 , change sdk version 
added irc notifications to travis 
added empty resources file to avoid conspiracy of git and android tools to break compilation 
add lucene version in plugin . properties file 
lps - 51886 add @ override 
update changelog . md 
added storm - 1258 to changelog 
bump gradle version 
bump versioncode to 85 . 
another test bites the dust 
enabled a metric to the basicopservice 
added another flaky time based test to problematictests 
update readme . md 
change baseurl to not include the hostname ( # 805 ) 
mock javafx . jar 
the instant messaging operation set should be added as a test as it constructs its own suite . 
corrected method name setselectednavigationindex to setselectednavigationitem in the exception message 
updated changelog 
set the entity to null after writing the padding 
 / / github . com / jetbrains / intellij - coverage / pull / 2 
update browser changes . txt 
removing unnecessary support extra for travis 
lps - 66050 update packageinfo 
correct a typo in a comment 
remove mongo . jar and bson . jar on clean . 
sample improvements - update crop jpeg for readme 
added storm - 1168 to changelog 
added travis ci configuration file . 
updated changelog 
lps - 66179 move icon 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - language / . 
remove test files 
add scene screenshots 
updated changelog 
exclude the source jar files . 
remove unused found from ghresponse 
update onprofilechanged example for v2 . 6 . 0 
don ' t warn for com . google . appengine . api . urlfetch items 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 49129 
clean up search and voice search button assets for high res . 
license prep 
fix a bug in unification 
removed leftover indices status link 
supressing rawtypes warning in test class 
added python remote debug 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / login / . 
update readme . md 
fixed py - 11673 error on project creation 
update todo 
upgrade to airbase 7 
xml formatting 
updated hibernate - annotations to 3 . 2 . 1 . 
adding a bug 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 239 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
add sleep to columnfamilystoretest to workaround waitforflush bug . 
update version to 0 . 8 . 0 - snapshot for next cycle 
images for installing under ubuntu 
update submodule references for cpp , php & python 
update readme . md 
bump test target jdk on travis 
switched to new parent - central pom , which changes the maven site skin 
added tmp / to . 
update alipay and weixin 
bump common for npe getting a tracked player . 
horizontalchangehandler now correctly resets the x translation . 
don ' t fail on lint errors , fix build 
add travis . yml 
fixed typo in unit test 
add storm - 934 to changelog . md 
lps - 40936 can not search in the scope selector 
a fix to the mpeg4extractor to support 16 - bit sample sizes . 
getlocalclip ( attempt # 2 ) . 
added ' abc ' to stdlib packages list ( py - 5935 ) 
removing assembly 
celticminstrel is a poopy head ! 
updated changes 
upgrade to fongo 1 . 6 . 4 
upgrade to json path 2 . 1 . 0 
more updates for wildfire to openfire rename 
register all usage 
lps - 48153 source formatting 
bump up release version to 0 . 8 . 3 
release - notes 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 1 
 " favicon " to dictionary 
next development version 
another fall through was needed 
updated reference to library to fix problems in login view when fixing typos in url path 
added methods on broker to integrate zookeeper based broker . 
refer to stephan schroevers in about . txt 
changed h5 keyword to html5 
lps - 67596 update gradle distribution 
buttons at 2x for experimental mode 
update junit to version 4 . 11 
remove hmrclient out of the bundle 
update readme 
updated changelog 
fix travis config syntax # 255 
support icon 
dummy hyphenation patterns for georgian 
update logo in docs 
import entitymanager into core 
small changes to changelog . textile . 
trivial change to test fix for nsis 3 . 0 issue with wine on buildbot 
failed test removed 
updated netty version . 
bumped dropwizard - jdbi version to 2 . 53 mainly for stringtemplate3statementlocator changes 
create gradle . properties 
unset static field after test suite has been completed . 
update readme . md 
gradle version updated . 
fixes testng tests . 
provide argument for @ gwtincompatible . 
core - 1922 sequence is not a reserved object name in hsqldb 
revert " use fakeroot " 
upgrade to assertj 3 . 4 . 1 
add missing ios framework " quartzcore " to plugin . xml 
remove libsvm . jar 
re throw the exception 
update jar 
engines are standalone blocks 
removed leftovers from pom . xml 
update location module 
added proguard rule . 
forgot to bump version in gradle . properties , fixing . 
added google to license . 
switched parent pom of poja 
update roboguice - sherlock to latest release . 
makefile . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 75 
dixed ev eclipse worksapce , now references bc . 
travis 
update changes 
fix debugger crashes with " process finished with exit code 137 " ( py - 14969 ) 
added bottom padding to history so it clears the status bar of chrome 
missed one more reference to freebase - extension that should be just freebase 
revert accidently change for debugging continous build integtests 
update to the latest ` fastadapter ` v1 . 4 . 4 
updated changelog . 
correct user - agent string for trident 
removed the test file . 
only run findbugs for main 
old jspc files . 
zeppelin - 359 add notice and disclaimer in the binary package 
make uploadmavencentral task , that encompasses other tasks 
put release date for 0 . 16 . 0 into the changelog . 
rc - 1 / 308 version bump 
push version to 14 , 11263 . 
call super . finalize ( ) from webview 
fix javadoc for view 
update readme . md 
lwjgl natives and jars . . . 
add demo gif 
completion for @ description and @ details roxygen2 tags 
updated changes . txt for esperanto . 
and now the actualy macos binary . . . 
disable eslint loader on fast build 
snapshot 
fixing misprint in rctext . m 
add a bogus method in otherwise empty test , to prevent build breakage 
make ntlm appear earlier in reactor order . 
add a bitdeli badge to readme 
added " insecure component " passive scanner 
update readme . md 
update gradle - versions - plugin . 
camel - 2371 added initial version of the netty component 
removed need to set ipv4 system property in tests . 
hive - 2062 . 
kafka - 847 kafka appender layout does not work for kafka 0 . 7 . 1 ; reviewed by neha narkhede and jun rao 
corrects 7 . 2 changelog 
up hadoop 
travis will update maven on each build 
update readme . md 
gitattributes for crlf maven files 
update breaking - changes . 
fix a trailing whitespace in compilerexecutor . java 
setprogress invalidate 
bump mixin dependency . 
update readme . md 
add qt - webkit - devel dependency for yum 
adding storm - 1376 to changelog 
update to cacheword with fix for parse ( ) npe 
update readme with icon image 
gradle integration ( maven ' s level - dependencies , modules , repositories ) 
add new javascript module 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 104 - snapshot 
update jni . cmake 
this test seems to pass in the extensive intermittents job , so moving it from nopass 
 ' eureka - 1 . 1 . 73 - snapshot ' . 
all platforms 
document option for debugging gc problems 
added scott evans . 
update junit version to 4 . 12 
move transactional transform transform to grails - core 
improved low resources messages 
remove timermanager from threadlocal on clear ( ) 
idea - 80966 debugger " resume " button - right next to the " stop " button - added a separator 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - beta2 
updated changelog 
b 
edit license file 
lrqa - 18092 rename files 
json icon updated 
bump version 
revert " force travis to use node 0 . 10 " 
allow null filenamepattern in requestlogconfiguration 
updated changes . txt 
dont fail client module because there are no tests 
add exponent to maybeexpression ( ) 
increase min sdk to 5 
missing testdata file 
synchronize isclosed . 
wiki - web 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
update maven - jar - plugin to 2 . 5 , issue # 644 
groovy junit setup method template should contain super call 
rc - 2 - versioncode 155 
added storm - 1396 to changelog 
add overlay 
bumped build tools version to 24 . 0 . 2 
add a task to create a jar from generated docs 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / product - navigation / . 
make default value of n_instance_beg and n_instance_end the same as stated in readme 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 1391 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
remove unknown app module 
update readme . md 
remove unused import 
set defaultpublishconfig to debug - in case we had source dependencies to this module 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 76 - snapshot 
graphservicebeanimpl always returns the same graph , even with routerid 
add missing local_min_sdk_version for support library demos 
update javadoc task to use more mem 
upgrade storm - starter to 0 . 7 . 2 
removed version from pom . xml 
random crash in the system server 
more todo items 
fix compile of integ tests 
build script instructions 
pass in the title of the preference as a title for the ringtone picker dialog . 
test data altered . 
removed picture from readme since link is broken 
removed verbose configuration for pitest . 
update sample app to use android - 19 
fix major performance issue when building the dist , as javadoc needs more memory . 
remove an unused import preventing compile with openjdk . 
built the latest snapshot 
remove tbd from fields and properties section 
update spongecommon for teleport fix . 
device info migration for old transactions 
new image changes 
remove oraclejdk8 from allow_failures 
fix ` setshowcropoverlay ( boolean ) ` not working properly 
rename the generated symbol 
changed assembly plugin goal from deprecated assembly to single 
updates changelog for version 1 . 1 ( unreleased ) 
update cacheword to latest head 
cap jvm memory usage in pom - main . xml to prevent travis from killing it 
lps - 29520 forgot to terminate sub - process in shutdown hook 
modify gif 
update todo comments 
update readme . md 
java 6 only . 
adding clean goal to script in ci server build 
move a bukkit - specific file from # 287 to bukkit folder as not to break api / other platform compilation . 
internal_visited hyperlink type has been introduced 
update build . gradle 
update readme . md 
removed todo as it works 
corrected the package name . 
increment patch version to 1 . 5 . 1 . 
add traviscs build info to readme 
version bump 
updated images to get started guide 
get travis working again . 
add release notes 
added storm - 721 to changelog . 
fixed old lint warning / error with 9e1816f8036acba740ea667f2f7c58b0e01095c1 
push version to 15016 . 
run task , pass entire system properties from command line 
add missing changes . txt entry for cassandra - 6933 
rename apply test to nopass . 
added shadowremotecallbacklist . class to robolectric . java 
use github account email in travis . yml 
added guava library 
add sketch template 
update readme . md 
unused parameter inspection - > globalinspectiontool 
lps - 63724 add new remote export exception type 
reverting minim to the 1 . 5 . 1 version for b3 release 
silence compiler warnings on papplet for lack of serializable version . 
bump version number 
don ' t use ssh + git for submodule references 
add index on messagecontentheader 
bump version 
section in shiro . ini 
update spongecommon 
snapshot 
removed highly scalable from changelog title . 
publish 0 . 1 . 1 snapshot 
 ' throw inside finally blocks ' inspection temporary disabled until idea - 154184 is fixed 
fix changelog 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / layout / . 
incremented version properties 
updated changes 
migrate jetty jmx usage to be annotation based 
fix preview initialization . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 49 
updated changelog 
included signavio core components in the demo . setup 
adding missing change description to changelog file 
push to docker after deploy to github 
remove intellilang - js from community edition 
update pom . xml 
belatedly add # 1969 to changes 
a work - around for an overload resolution bug 
moved to newer acra edition 
adding tightdb jni lib for linux 
update styles . css 
storm - 572 favicon 
update readme . md 
fix androidgetthreadpriority for non - pthread configurations . 
change name of serial i / o library to serial 
alpha - 32 / 338 version bump 
fix copy & paste error in iskeyguardlocked ( ) 
updating version . txt top section 
updated jol to 0 . 2 to resolve the slow startup problem due to heavy gc 
gelly link broken in homepage 
update readme . md 
bundle asm 5 . 0 . 3 with debug info 
pot 0 . 1 . 3 release version bump 
moved overview . html 
add changelog 
updating alloy to 2 . 0 . x 7cdddc1 
update panel height when stack scroller padding is updated . 
frontend - theme - contributor - extender 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
make allocator a static inner class 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 0 . 1 
updated the changelog 
applied correct group id 
fixes loading binary on 10 . 5 macosx . 
immediately update todo tree ( ideadev - 20186 ) 
fixed problem with closure resolve strategy 
switch back to hashlib for md5 import ( md5 . md5 is deprecated ) . 
added clock - on icon 
not sure how this readme ended up here 
the " receivedcalldialog " was hidden behind the main application window when the last one was shown . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 18 
include apache commons io for easy reading of the aes encrypted binary file 
adding storm - 1381 to changelog 
add verb to replace_verbs . 
remove excess + from changelog . rdoc 
move setupteardowninvoketests from grails - plugin - testing to grails - test - suite - uber 
update to airbase 21 
updated changelog 
beta5 release 
configure travis ci build 
update memtable_total_space_in_mb comments 
fix errors found by the new check . 
updated changelog 
re - record dx ' s " old - style - inner - class " test 
another unused import , and now i ' ve turned on intellij ' s " optimise imports on checkin " feature . 
ongnl dependency updated to latest ( 3 . 1 . 6 ) 
plural for " executable " 
add requirements for python 
removed png 
by the time you stringify it has been coerced 
put mapping has a body 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / rss / . 
add storm - 1499 to changelog . md 
included string . h to use memset in stress . cpp 
upgrade from commons - io 2 . 1 to 2 . 3 
lps - 67469 lrdocs - 2841 remove build . gradle since that project is now empty " 
added link to vim plugin 
update spongecommon for water placement fix . 
push version to 17 - beta1 , 15030 . 
clj - 1338 - make murmur3 public 
make note of pull request 
add in example assets dir . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 4 - snapshot 
include reloading agent in scripts build 
correctly stop history refresh when history pane is closed ( ideadev - 22794 ) 
incremented version properties 
remove audiorecord record_flags 
updated the sparkle framework archive ( removed . 
fix layout 
changelog for 0 . 8 . 7 
abstractcollection should use kotlin . tostring 
sonar - 7955 add " x_of_y_shown " localization message 
lps - 53366 make sure needed properties are loaded . 
print python version 
fix typo in method " isrotate * d * supported " ; don ' t attempt to rotate images of unknown format 
rm ic_launcher from lib module 
updated changelog 
update install_python . 
lps - 56529 source formatting 
bumping up zookeeper version to handle large number of watches ( # 695 ) 
enabling audio_offset tested for h264 
lps - 67914 - create project build . gradle 
sample - 1 . 1 . 0 
using latest neo version . 
removing the commons - codec 
updated example and screenshots 
snapshot 
lps - 40750 return null , otherwise classcastexception will be thrown 
include the " not an official google product " disclaimer ( # 3 ) 
update to hsqldb 2 . 3 . 4 
don ' t force refresh if data is taken from cache 
small fix readme . md 
gradle version revert 
test fixes - cpkaleoformsadmin sf 
changed mysql database name 
update spongecommon 
change standard line height to 1 . 25 
add # 3762 to changes 
update android - gradle - plugin to 1 . 3 . 1 
update readme . md 
refactor to move the test artifact to the correct place 
repair travis 
update readme . md 
release 1 . 0 . 0 - rc0 
remove ui submodule 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 41 
aggregate javadoc 
deletes unused file . 
introduce new valueformater interface - i will use the same formatters for axes and chart data 
lps - 57377 add property jdbc . default . initialpoolsize = 10 to avoid see the warning message bad pool size config , start 3 < min 10 in log 
fix layout . 
keyreleased is triggered while key is held down . 
update . 
new icon for blogs 
install time 
added storm - 1887 to changelog . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 107 - snapshot ' . 
camel - 5583 - add lzfdataformat to jaxp . index 
removing red cross from hdpi emergency symbol 
remove unneeded explicit integtest dependency on baseservice 
alpha - 32 / 341 version bump 
bump flow version 
added preview image 
background of editorpane should be white 
use the latest version of gradle 
remove checked in pyc file . 
lps - 30875 use a book title format 
build with gradle 1 . 9 
updated changelog 
lrqa - 21334 update poshi runner version 
add todo to pam helper 
update to discovery - server 1 . 19 
add apache logs folder 
 ( infinispan integration module is causing build problems ) build issues sorted . 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc1 ' . 
push version to 13 - beta3 , 11242 . 
updated sphinx4 
add zan - repo in distribution package 
lps - 58389 change ' tools ' to show with a capital t 
baseline work for # 588 , to pass more information needed to resolve " recursive emptiness " problem 
remove provided scope from jackson - databind 
changing the artifactid to resteasy - client , may be changed to resteasy - jaxrs after bill has changed the dependencies 
dispose a dialog if it hasn ' t shown 
don ' t require 4g heap for wallet tool . 
test fixes - portal / controlpanel / bookmarks 
update gradle . properties to push to maven central 
set feedfiletype in downloadstatus contructor 
added " games " metadata tag for play games landing page in d . a . c . 
fixed crash when trying to rotate image when bitmap = = null . 
defaultactiongroup . addseparator ( string ) 
upgraded to acra 3 . 2 - snapshot 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 2 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
added param for thread ( ) reference , see processing - docs # 5 
moving variable to private . 
fixed isover returning true after touch down , drag away , and touch up . 
added matt postill to authors file 
using jetty - test - helper version 2 . 7 . 
move integration test dependency file gzippedmap . gz from sources to resources 
relax maven version requirement 
update spongecommon ref . 
break a test to try hudson 
change getdefaultprops to static and remove warning 
update fml to 285 
revert " removing assembly " 
added a 32bit version of app_konference . 
update the default commit hash to the latest . 
updated changes 
add missing call to closedir ( ) in recursive delete code 
removing file . 
able to set ringer volume to 0 outside of silent mode . 
new icon image 
change default zk connection limit to infinite ; kafka - 88 
update readme . markdown 
changed components to use parent pom v 4 , producing source and javadoc jar packages . 
update news 
gdx - backend - desktop from gdx invaders 
live compile all assets . 
updated samples 
clean ' test - classes ' 
add comment to clarify version code politics . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / image - uploader / . 
fix spark version in readme ( hadoop - 275 ) . 
if the global epsilon is greater than epsilonoverride , use the global 
don ' t override default ssl socket factory 
use androidtest for volley ' s rules . gradle . 
added joda - time upgrade to release - notes 
add proper metadata to osgi metadata to json - simple 
add key in info . plist for retina display on mac os x 
create readme . md 
update readme . md 
add storm - 1349 to changelog 
add @ deprecated to collection . min ( ) 
import thread - pool library for exceed - wait - thread - pool 
fix a constructor " 
parseexception should be a runtime exception . 
update latest version 
give api - webapp module a name . 
fix setting . gradle 
prepare the version for release 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 16 . 1 
readme updated 
update spongecommon for collision npe fix . 
updated changelog 
do not use java 7 for the sample compilation 
lps - 63220 deploy to modules 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 48839 
update spongecommon for mob entity cast fix 
update spongecommon 
update changelog 
remove chown / var / run / * redis * 
update fml , make the . 
fix build due to @ deprecated tag not having content 
upgraded to recent classworlds release 
fix our build to not try and make an assembly anymopre in the mini example 
remove antnodepsversion property 
added more useful properties for reduce phase handling . 
post 0 . 1 . 2 version bump 
delete gradle . properties 
update cmakelists . txt 
remove travis config 
added enhanced log4j throwable render in various log4j . properties . 
correct a typo 
update pixelref genid when reusing pixels in recyclingclippingpixelallocator . 
added security dependency on webapp . mod 
changed min sdk for animated - base 
update jportaudio for mac os x . 
make windowinsets # hasinsets check for stable insets as well 
level enum public for custom loggers 
modify install_fbthrift . 
update license . txt 
update news with debugging improvements 
added public method to cache to check initialized state 
upgrade parent version . 
removed synchronized statement which was unintentionally added in checkin r3157 
add support jar 
lps - 64991 write ivy . xml . md5 files in gradle in order to stop ivy 
update changelog 
skips a test of exclusive c14n . 
sonar - 2163 remove useless windows - * / wrapper . exe files 
check that currentblog is not null . 
add test - config / system folders to . 
lps - 51081 porting d710b7381fe8537400ef857770be930006558cbd from ant to gradle 
fix wrong license in test ( sic ) 
it ' s more correct to remove the connector handler in clientbootstrap 
fixed bad name in ping . json 
fix osmo login issue 
release notes 
changed default cache provider to be the one shipped with oscache which is a better implementation according to oscache docs 
fix readme 
format readme 
notice update 
fixed readme , wrong package name 
update readme . md 
upgrade gradle 
look & feel combobox image changed 
updated version number 
avalon readme 
add rbx - 18mode to . 
bump spongecommon ref . 
lps - 53980 language properties 
add screenshot . png 
update readme . md 
forgot to update the version number for the command line tool 
release version 1 . 2 . 4 
upgraded to felix . fileinstall 3 . 2 . 6 since 3 . 1 . 10 causes the build to broke ( dep to osgi r4 . 1 ) 
update news 
update spongecommon ref 
add min - width in . 
lps - 65956 increase version 
made it more explicit that ' diagnostics ' uses a class from coreimpl . 
close 
post - deploy echo . 
library project 
update license 
disable watchman on travis 
project tests should be run in ` debug ` level . 
update spongecommon ref . 
reset jni submodule 
avoid npe when trying to do access logging on cookies for an unmapped request . 
add readme 
forgotten folded text foreground ( + fixes editortextfield . setplaceholder rendering ) 
 / / b / 2131173 ( gaps between gallery tiles ) . 
apply javadoc config to all javadoc tasks . 
update jar 
fixed android backend . . . 
remove debug from reachtopology 
make method private 
prepare version 17 . 0 . 1 . 
enforce forbidthrowanonymousexceptionscheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
update readme . md 
move findbugs check to happen before tests 
moved androidsdk . java back into place . 
ha 
moved pyunit to pass . 
upgraded maven - site - plugin to 2 . 1 . 1 . 
copyright update 
update to gradle 2 . 4 
added ploggerfactory . unregister ( ) 
next development version 
update readme . md 
cleaner openapi exposed 
remove compileoptions . encoding 
deleted accidentially commited windows convenience files . . . 
support for resizing the canvas 
update to bug - fix release of android - screenshot lib 
allow plugins to use maven dependencies 
fix submodule url for travis - ci 
specify boolean false parameter environmentvariablesubstitutor 
lps - 37619 - change tooltip ' s style by using tooltip - help css class 
added ` dirscan $ 0 ` for osx to allow jarscan to run from another dir 
update druid 
add defaultshader attributes change to changes 
tiny improvement - - ' clean ' target should remove generated javadoc 
majorversion 2 . 24 
lps - 62016 update cache 
disabled examples from main build 
lps - 44526 nullcachemodel ' s mvcc value should be - 1 to prevent it from blocking the very initial entity value to go into mvccportalcache 
smaller preview image 
update spongecommon for compile fixes . 
camel - 1932 removed slf4j - simple dependency from camel - mina pom 
update readme . md 
junit benchmark is now a dependency 
travis integration , v4 , open jdk 6 
get it on google play 
test travis - ci build 
bump version 
update readme . md 
version bump ( rc3 ) 
make the overridden imageview # setvisibility remotable 
update changes 
snapshot 
lrqa - 18330 update jar 
update build . md 
standby a2dp audio hardware interface when disabling a2dp . 
note about feature toggles for experimental features 
removed binary build file from visual studio solution from repo . 
added correct aop image 
run tp tests in alphabetical order 
configurable option for downloading intellij sources 
update readme 
update release - notes . 
rename 
excluded produced artifact from the dependencies so not included in the ' optional ' dir 
remove redundant $ { metrics . version } from graylog2 - server pom 
removal of todo 
lps - 34258 should not be static 
removing the need for the activity class to be abstract 
updated the build so that intellij can see the perf tests as test classes . 
added sybase jars 
provide description and simple artifact for java fx template project 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 43 
idea - 131748 stop debug session kills all processes - disabled winp by default 
resolve # 105 android library min sdk set to 14 
build junit with jdk 8 on travis . 
multidirs branch has gone 
i just mostly trust maven , now . 
disable functional tests for now . 
missing import . 
changes 
alpha - 31 / 335 version bump 
undertow - 74 getquerystring does not delegate to exchange 
update default ` idea ` settings 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 24 - snapshot ' . 
update apache maven enforcer plugin to 1 . 4 . 1 
 ' 1 . 1 . 115 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 35707 lps - 35743 fix bad sql for other case 
update crashlytics to 1 . 1 . 13 . 
fix path to jar in windows script for the case it is run not from jsonschema2pojo home 
add new module to platformimplementationmodules 
updated version number to 0 . 23 . 0 - snapshot 
correct the scope of the postgresql dependency in spring - boot - devtools 
correct base32 rfc to 4648 , not 4668 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 3 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 20 - snapshot ' . 
updated todo 
javadoc formatting - adding @ override tags part 2 
make sure sticky headers are turned back on . 
add lib / to . 
try jdk8 on travis ci with a revised timeout 
fixes a deadlock between jitterbuffer and rtpsourcestream . 
mark numviewholders volatile 
make privacy provider single user for multi - user environments 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 11 - snapshot 
upgrade tooling api libs up to 2 . 1 ( gradle sources added ) 
update changes . txt ( missed in r894721 ) . 
release notes 
update to rxjava 2 . 0 - rc4 
added statefulpersistencecontext . getproxiesbykey ( ) ( needed for testing non - flushed changes ) 
delete maven support 
make viewholder less visible and static . 
updated changes , talking about android 2 . 2 requirement 
missing testdata 
update gradle . properties 
attach sources for test jars 
a temporary test to see if ivy under ng is bad 
add " xterm " terminal type . 
lps - 69259 update gradle distribution 
prepare release imageloader - parent - 1 . 5 . 9 
javamodule . png 
percent 
add xxxhdpi folder 
incremental build for the ' libs ' task 
exclude internal packages from javadoc 
readme is updated 
update readme . md 
reset note timestamp when a change comes in for a note . 
default package corrections 
remove empty file 
osmand api done 
update gradle version in wrapper task 
update app store icon and feature graphic 
remove android examples from release 
ensure key provider returns unique key for each item 
update readme 
this should be tagged 
upgrade test project to gradle plugin 2 . 1 . 0 
adding readme 
added storm - 1430 to changelog 
updating readme 
update resources bundled in zip to 1 . 1 . 3 
hdfs jar being pulled in when creating a hadoop - 2 based hive tar ball ( vikram dixit , reviewed by harish butani ) 
try to appease travis 
 ' 1 . 1 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
added missing mandatory id in default profile for jdk1 . 5 activation 
the abs preference plugin is now included directly as source file . 
update master file to deploy maven archetype to standard repository 
show hint for using enter for changes applying ; make ctrl - enter work ( text added ) 
using omniscale 
experimenting the osgi stuff , parent 7 - snapshot deployed on nexus 
count down latch if we don ' t have any changes in cluster update settings 
update gradle version to 2 . 14 . 
updated formatter to use spaces instead of tabs 
use the latest lib snapshot 
update readme . md 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 38 
fix size of logo . png 
don ' t auto - start the query 
ancestors should return a node set 
lps - 63220 deploy to modules 
allow mockito to be used in tests 
upgrade to jersey 1 . 11 . 
 ' 0 . 2 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
add webframe include so we can build with older version of xcode / webkit on lion 
try to build in distelli 
added download button for documentation . 
updated demo apk 
follow symlinks to use file copy in tests 
beta2 post release 
use the latest networking version 
getparenttag nullable 
added unit test for try . . . handle routing dsl 
change install doc to reference server 
bump version number to 1 . 3 . 4 - dev 
updated changelog 
bump up rc version in curr . release 
changed publishjavadoc task from copy to sync 
lrqa - 16089 properties 
copy changes from 1 . 3 . 1 branch 
 ( docs ) update image . md punctuation 
removed @ privateapi annotation ; not needed since packettransceiver is in the impl package , and therefor should not be accessed by the outside world 
fixes npe when no protocolproviderservice are registered ( typically when we launch jitsi for the first time ) . 
upgrade okhttp version ( 3 . 0 . 1 - > 3 . 1 . 2 ) 
prepare version 21 . 1 . 2 . 
lps - 54811 export the proper datasource in order to get the proper transaction management within the new osgi modules 
commented the missing function viewupdate ( ) and added a navigator . notification . alert ( " ready " ) ; 
update news for 3909 
removing the glossary from the output . 
openjdk7 , not openjdk6 
travisci apparently doesn ' t know how maven works . 
updating changelog 
lps - 36104 - value is undeclared variable 
cr4 
temporary rename for case conversion 
adds a synchronization point in order to wait for the jingle node discovery 
updated sample project proguard config to play nicely with guava 
update checkstyle version . 
better handling of imports null case ( fixes # 3429 ) 
update okhttp to 1 . 6 . 0 . 
fix daggergraph against updated snapshot 
other options are supported but not official so just removing ; ) 
bumping persistit dependency to 3 . 3 . 0 
updating cacheword version 
move gradle - mvn - push to root 
load angular main js file first 
add mongodb to travis ci 
bump version number 
added performance framework back to build after looking over licens issues 
lps - 53617 @ override 
update readme to 1 . 3 . 0 
adding missing jar file 
uses + for compile 
changed the observer diagram . 
removed thread . dumpstack ( ) calls used for debugging . 
test for fmt . 
update applet - loader . 
java / src / main / resources / watermark . 
bumped jadconfig to version 0 . 3 , fixes server - 59 
update coveralls plugin 
remove empty css rule 
64 - bit linux binary . 
prune zero count rankings after each emit 
improve demo3 . gif 
the ` build_all ` script should fail if rvm fails . 
update gettingstarted . md 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 10 . 1 
welcome back , gradle . 
update version to 0 . 2 - snapshot 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 132 
removed unnecessary indirect call in niosocketchannel . isconnected ( ) 
we don ' t need pthread 
update target sdk version 
fix modifier order in bytesstreamstests 
revert " add to history . txt " 
updated parent version . 
mount to sudomount due to permission issues during format 
lps - 52259 asset tags cloud - moves icon 
update spongecommon 
removed pdf from what ' s deployed to the mvn repo . 
updated version in readme . 
testing build without aws cli install 
h2o - hadoop needs hadoop mr api . 
view added but no updated if unused presentation is run 
updated screenshots 
create status_bar_whitespace . 
updated todo 
mahout - 1240 correcting the randomized testing jar version to be same as in math 
slf4j - simple version bump 
remove waiting for device 
forgot @ override 
fixes add contact dialog and activating add button . 
asynccontext complete while pending async reads / writes 
fix readme 
don ' t commit eclipse preferences 
prepare version 20 - beta3 . 
remove old low - res collected icon . 
ideamodule on mvn3jarjar . 
report git - commit - plugins 
version changed to 1 . 2 . 0 
version properties 
update preview art file 
add unusedprivatemembers as a valid @ suppress annotation . 
bumping build . sbt version to next snapshot 
add proguard config for opus extension . 
added storm - 373 to changelog 
update release_notes . 
update demo 
lrqa - 18330 check in jar 
update pom . xml 
update changelog 
make sure transition constructor is accessible before invoking 
added exclusion to clirr for addition of a public abstract method to a public class . 
correct enclsoing tostring reference . 
grails - 6254 added missing import 
removed unused buck code . 
update junit from 4 . 11 to 4 . 12 
changed name for me 
upgrade to antlr 2 . 7 . 6 
update owncloud library reference 
update changes 
lps - 8219 ' procedure ' is bad sql word 
modifiy app name in info . plist . 
updating alloy to 2 . 0 . x 126cafb 
small logo for gsoc website 
reapply fix for iabhelper crash . 
lps - 50321 missing @ override 
test travis ci . 
fixing an issue with that damn bundle plugin again . 
add lucene version in plugin . properties file 
update news 
version 
add new pic in demo 
back to java 7 
add dummy ps file for paper 
put a note that lib is under development . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 19 
added missing asynctest to the suite 
mahout - 745 preserve conf dir in script 
parent pom version update to be able to download novoda - checkstyle - checks from sonatype 
move to top level 
add eclipse project files to . 
changed components to use parent pom v 4 , producing source and javadoc jar packages . 
update to latest build tools version 21 . 0 . 1 
removed duplicate dependency for zoomable sample app 
add jsr 305 annotations jar 
improved test 
disable site 
updated changelog 
add org . jetbrains . android as dependency 
update readme . md 
create readme . md 
i am using the inline editor ( github ) and i forgot a " type = " before info . gettypename ( ) ; 
file_id . 
add sticky headers in upcoming feature 
potential path bug in sequencefilevaultiterator breaks displayspectralkmeans ; missed changelog entry 
update spongecommon 
using shorter version tag for ioutils 
delete erroneously created readme . 
upgrade anonymous usage statistics to version 1 . 1 . 0 
lps - 52390 remove unnecessary z - index 
fix maven version in leaflet client 
update spongecommon 
remove mwe - specific class members 
update readme . md 
update to classworlds 1 . 1 - alpha - 1 
increase version for feature branch 
fix the bug on libsvm 3 . 14 that not free the memory allocated for sv_indices . 
update readme . md for version 0 . 1 . 3 
remove unnecessary unused suppression 
version bump ( rc4 ) 
lrqa - 18316 update property in test . properties 
detect misspelling " doppelpunk " 
updates libjitsi to latest changes . 
it is no singleton 
added brew upgrade to macosx build instructions to avoid boost error . 
lps - 55748 prep next version 
lps - 56420 missing override 
update readme . md 
fixed env variable runnerw . exe location 
testing automatic updates to devbuild . bigbluebutton . org 
update spongecommon 
print an empty line after each source input file , 
set for dev 
reset expandablenotirow . mactualheight on reset ( ) 
readme 
rolling - back giving a name to the bazel workspace 
build the jni lib as a dependency rather than packaged 
colorize the success message that the exopackage test script prints . 
fix master build 
remove a call which seems to serve no purpose and sometimes causes exceptions 
allowing the sqlcipher clean to fail silently 
use later version 
update readme . md 
visit debug info for compiled inline functions 
allow zxingwidget to compile all architectures for debug configuration 
fix testdata 
fix build 
equalsverifier 1 . 7 . 8 
added issuers list of java 1 . 5 as valid and also root certificates of cacert . org class 1 and 3 . 
isolate the hystrix tests as they bleed static state changes . 
prepare for next development iteration 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 77 
use watchman on travis 
lps - 57004 batch tests should print gc logs 
created a place for php solutions and added phpunit dependency via composer . 
added message for dev gc option 
minecraftforge / fml @ 458b0620b43116c943549a0f060c7e8830c2d77a log the bad packet in a prettier way . 
keys . txt file of jetty committers 
fix proguard 
add structure - view - impl into core - analysis . 
typo in readme 
renamed getter for objectmapper 
changed pic for intermediate timer in docs 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc5 ' . 
clojure 1 . 3 . 0 - alpha2 
corrected a typo in tessellator # addquadraticvertex ( ) 
added library sources jar to processor test libs 
fix cqlsh after cql version bump 
addec changes for current_timstamp support 
update readme . md 
cherry picking goawaytest fix 
remove round from settings 
update jar 
upgrade to a newer version of commons - io , to pick up some new classes . 
begin moving performance framework to it ' s own repo 
added storm - 1361 to changelog 
bump de . javakaffee version to match spark . 
add storm - 862 to changelog . md 
code formatting in example . 
javax . transaction . api bundle version is 0 . 0 . 0 
excise mention of 2189 from changes since it didn ' t actually get fixed 
update readme . md 
update es / upstream for recovery setting update fix 
add correct arm image 
remove unnecessary code . 
restore untrusted glstencilmask value on resume after functor 
forgotten contact avatar color added . 
update jar 
make flusher a static inner class 
close tz query cursor when done . 
removed roles from neo4j recipe , since they can not be part of a recipe 
lps - 41509 don ' t delete the deploy dir 
remove unnecessary imported package . 
stop scrolling listview when tapping a clickable item . 
new icon web 
lps - 51081 force pom files to have unix line endings , otherwise gradle will calculate different sha1 checksums for its cache in windows and unix 
fixes default config settings . 
added holo - ic_menu_refresh , xhdpi ic_menu_refresh 
update readme 
delete package - info . java path from . 
kafka - 667 change the . 
enforce uselesssinglecatchcheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
node # children is now much faster . 
added cname support for gh - pages 
implemented ' true closures ' rather like ruby 2 . 0 will . 
version 0 . 1 
lps - 31036 a very simple fix 
remove a redundant line 
revert " update travis " 
small fix - back to static method 
sudo experiment 
update to ognl 3 . 1 . 3 
revert " add a task for showing the dependencies of all projects . " 
changelogparameter needs to be public now that it is accessable 
specify require dependencies for python example ( # 14 ) 
moved servlet - core localisation properties into correct directory structure . 
minecraftforge / fml @ d00feb58c762b0bbc506d79faf1ce40bc96732e9 remove debug code that was causing console spam in forge . 
update readme . md 
 / / bz . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 58166 
fix android plugin dependencies not unpacked 
fix a problem where source jar is not attached 
updated studio to last version 
add storm - 1674 to changelog 
roll back to acra 3 . 1 
netty 4 has been applied 
removed placeholder text 
fix link in proguard - rules . 
updated version to 3 . 0 . 0 for pending release 
updating images for wiki 
adding the jar file , so the code needn ' t be recompiled whenever added to another project 
update changelog for storm - 435 
to english dictionary 
update actor . proto 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 76 
new version of quaqua ( 3 . 9 . 5 ) 
slightly increased epsilon delay for heavily loaded ci servers 
removed def since type is already specified 
removed scope ' provided ' from groovy dependency because gmaven didn ' t like it 
update readme . md 
packagesettingbase needs to copy volume uuid . 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 18 - snapshot ' . 
update changes entry for join conditions 
 - enhancement request - new active scan rule to check http access to https content ( reserve plug - in id ) 
update readme . md 
rm duplicate version file 
update jar 
update fg version to 2 . 0 . 2 
added methods on broker to integrate zookeeper based broker . 
remove the unnecessary ' var ' in ` runverbose ` 
added new script 
upgrated to new parent pom 6 
deletes the file lib / native / windows - 64 / civil . dll - nomodif . 
update astvalidator for exponentiation operator . 
local . properties 
prepare version 28 - beta3 . 
a couple of new words that take ' an ' 
guava 
fixing line endings for . 
update version to 2 . 0b3 
suppress unused fields inspection 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 23 - snapshot ' . 
bump to 5 . 0 . 0 - snapshot 
disable intermittent glrm test 
fix breakoutroomtimerbox style . 
removed no feature from makeglmmodel test . 
revert eclipse jar since it is not supported by our version of jasper 
update readme . md 
enable functional tests again . 
update fastadapter to latest v1 . 5 . 8 
document pooling feature 
unnecessary " release " invocation were removed 
update spongecommon for bungee ip forwarding fix . 
updating version . txt top section 
skip pycharmedu product icons 
made an ugly 4x4 widget prototype 
enum - > static enum 
fixing a small api check issue to get the builds green 
iocipher - libs added 
fix for race condition in test 
typo in index . html 
readme was in wrong spot 
smack - 412 fixed merge error . 
upgrade to netty 3 . 9 . 3 . 
prepare version 22 . 0 . 0 - beta3 . 
removed build folder 
update spongecommon for chunk tracking fix . 
gdx - natives . 
hide new interface to fix build . 
update spongecommon 
null check added to removetopview ( ) . 
remove maxheapsize 
fix npe in packageparser 
update android / paypalplugin / readme . 
fix osgi version 
tell that the project is a library . 
the verb " rilati " can be transitive according to 
upgrade to rabbitmq amqp client 3 . 5 . 1 
lps - 49885 - updating alloy 3 . 0 . 0pr2 to df1e1c62d71825e630eedcb5d58f21870f75f6e7 
android api level 3 - > 4 
travis will update the slack room # nokogiri - core 
fixed build . properties 
don ' t include ivy to gant script by default 
 ' 0 . 13 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
old use of nodes unneeded . 
add release date for 2 . 8 . 4beta 
added terminal to pycharm distribution . 
with the new features , some of the delombok based unit tests no longer work . 
update spongecommon . 
lps - 52393 search container taglibs display single action icons and text on separate lines 
adding in latest asmack for android build 
change to elasticsearch . org site 
bump to version 2 . 0 . 0 - beta , as we ' re now backwards incompatible 
updated changelog 
use bugfix jar , not 3 . 2 
added accuracy checking to native accel implementation , this way getcurrentacceleration returns fairly accurate results 
kafka - 1577 ; swallow errors from connection - quotas in closing sockets on shutdown ; reviewed by joel koshy 
update activeandroid 
abort setting the process group if one of the threads fails to switch 
 ' 0 . 14 . 10 - snapshot ' . 
fix wtf when creating a lazily initialized connection 
notnull annotation . 
k9 mail lib with rawuserinfo fix applied 
experimental_ui_test as manual 
update project . properties 
workaround git eol hell 
nestedscrollview should call super . onattachedtowindow ( ) 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 74 
 / / www . antlr . org / 
adding missed cobertura dependency 
updates a slogan in desktop entry template 
updated todo 
update changes 
remove preview license from travis config . 
lps - 52679 don ' t use the word portal unless it has the package \ " portal \ " , like portal - bootstrap 
clarify documentation for ' getn ' on writeresult as to its actual meaning 
change to gradle tools v2 . 0 . 0 - alpha1 to enable instantrun 
updating to jetty - parent - 10 
release 1 . 1 . 0 
target 1 . 5 
don ' t use setdaemon in discoverywithservicedisruptionsit . 
move to nopass for now until i figure out what the bug is 
removed the single line comment i accidentally left in the file header of the last update 
lps - 68014 edit change log 
delete " idea . properties " 
update spongecommon 
manually bumped version . 
upgraded to gradle 2 . 5 
majorversion 2 . 16 
restore file that was inadvertantly deleted 
update global build . gradle 
add storm - 993 to changelog . md 
rc1 
removed old jar 
lep - 3845 
remove year from copyright 
build script with gtar , not gnu - tar 
add storm - 1939 to changelog 
yet another close optimization . 
add table of contents in python / readme 
bump the version to 2 . 0b6 
fixed closing socket in debuger . 
sonar - 5905 fix issue when using an external authentication 
add arabic , romanian , macedonian and english ( australia ) to the list of app supported languages 
websocket blocking write hangs when remote client dies ( or is killed ) without going thru close handshake 
copyright tweak , mainly testing access to new svn tree 
print current running unit test in pulsar - broker ( # 57 ) 
removed a @ documented tag that shouldn ' t be there anyhow . 
oops , committed properties file . 
update readme . md 
lps - 33904 rename to messaging - spring . xml to match what ' s found in test - pacl - portlet 
back to snapshot 
use correct value for schemaidtype 
modified build to not include @ author in javadocs . 
update readme . md 
ninja fix cqlsh ' s python driver 
linux amd builds for jdic native part 
fixed bu ending folderlist activity after auto - opening the default folder 
removed todo 
update news 
fix getthumbnail 
remove garbage from build . properties added by accident 
description of svm_scale . 
add link to 0 . 146 release notes 
 / / www . aqute . biz / repo ' because bndlib is also available from central 
remove log4j . properties from test - jar . 
fix when status is custom . 
update version of demo 
prevent further commits of project . libs . library 
bumped curr . release to 1 . 1 . 1 
gradle 2 . 8 + 2 . 0 . 0 - alpha3 
indicator clipped issue # 15 
lps - 58180 refactor to avoid unnecessary and in if check 
git submodule init recursive 
setcancelled should probably not be hard - coded to true or it could put 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
model was never set 
add change log . 
added faunus diagram . 
these tests are still intermittent on maven , so keep them disabled for now 
bump version of fresco lib to 0 . 2 . 0 
lps - 59342 prevent " gradlew clean " from removing the whole " osgi / configs " directory 
revert gradle version to 1 . 7 to bypass oss build issue with gradle 1 . 11 . 
update chapq1 . 3 . 
make the account layout text bigger 
removing java 6 from the travis build config since 7 + is needed for findbugs 3 . 0 . 
updated gradle file 
update project . properties 
disable dependency checker for travis 
update readme ( todo list ) 
add logging of bintray user for ci 
missing news update 
fix on demand being disabled for restart methods 
updated parent pom version to match recommendations . 
wip4 
build . gradle fix for broken aars 
fix build 
update gradle plugin version 
notnull 
add some tags to page object 
updated travis file to build with android - m2repository 
bump the version number to 1 . 3 . 1 - dev 
need to ensure cookies are converted before calling addcookie else any added cookies could get over - written . 
lep - 6434 - global js variable mainpath is no longer used or needed 
update pom 
rc - 2 / 315 version bump 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - store / . 
turn off media time adjustment by default 
update contributors 
root project aggregates all others 
update to latest android - iconics core v2 . 5 . 0 
create protocol - spec . 
made mongoexception unchecked 
changing default target to the highest for maximum compatibility 
update regexp - syntax . 
add project name 
try a little more heap memory for tests in bamboo 
update spongecommon for command causetracker fix . 
preparing for release 0 . 3 . 0 
update version number for doc stamp 
releasing orientdb 2 . 1 - rc6 
make longconcurrenthashmap package protected and deprecated 
added move refactoring tests to all python tests suite 
updated fml , fixed spelling issues in logs , and file name issues . 
rename file 
the ci build no longer runs * all * compatiblity tests . 
update changelog 
fixed copyright 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 20 
fix comment about versions in the project build . gradle 
replace image for layout practice 5 
update to latest android - iconics core v2 . 0 . 0 
add emptyversion comment 
fix # 2951 issue typo 
clean before installation in travis ci 
add sudo false to use container - based infrastructure . 
lps - 25268 tags overlap wiki edit / details / print 
remove branch . 
updated changelog 
update public . xml 
now when you rename a page name , it updates the html title as well . 
updated to 0 . 4 snapshot 
added onsequencestep ( ) ( # 103 ) 
lps - 22629 fix bug where verifyurltitle was accidentally removed in 6f3f31f5d747991cf4acba93307eccfbfbf824d3 
add redis to travis build 
add node / to . 
update the changelog 
added storm - 1481 to changelog 
267 , atlasregion not copying rotate field . 
lps - 69476 semver - packageinfo - new public method added 
updated animated gif 
push version to 16 - beta7 , 15019 . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 7 
update library reference , after merging pr # 109 
bump spongecommon ref 
add storm - 1646 to changelog 
lps - 55111 prep next version 
forgot to include an import 
reading / writing the mappings - - - tested version . 
fix for grails - 6433 " error in list - plugins command " 
add gl2_source_radio_input to hidden message fields 
porting fix to allow for a forward / include to call getattributenames on the request in a sandbox 
updating changelog 
netty - 17 ( niosocketchannelconfig . setwritespincount ( ) does nothing . ) 
fix travis configuration so the build passes 
upgrade to equalsverifier 2 . 1 . 1 
defer mapper - attachments for now 
modify license 
prepare release acra - 4 . 6 . 0 
update pom . xml 
changelog release date 
updates from gohai 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 78 - snapshot 
override codehaus url with sonatype in travis configuration 
cvs - ignoring build , dist and gentest directories - they are generated by build . xml . 
release m3 
upgrade to logback 1 . 0 . 11 . 
added comments for the release profiles in the parent pom . xml 
remove special dependency for dist , now that the docs build was added . 
fixed client - side error message " data is undefined " 
fix compilesdkversion 20 
fix bug in limit in from class 
update to the latest fastadapter v1 . 2 . 9 
delete styles . xml 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 0 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 44212 the baseline task in the gradle module build can ' t find classpath locations 
update readme . md 
return stringbuilder . 
update to jackson 2 . 7 . 1 
we don ' t cross - compile on the jrubies . 
lps - 54647 stream container provider . 
change cdvplugin . h import to use correct filename 
fix issue with forwardingejbclientconfiguration 
encoding of properties files is iso - 8859 - 1 
updated fake - dom with functions for computedstyle 
0 of 1602 strings translated ( 0 fuzzy ) . 
update readme . md 
bring back the sync tool to a good state 
fix android test 
added getter for authoritiespopulator . 
prepare next release v1 . 2 . 1 - snapshot 
issue tracker is back . 
fixed unit test after rebase 
remove unnecessary spring - instrument dependencies 
update readme 
remove unused mvn3jarjaroutputconfiguration . 
remove identity_udf . jar from source ( vaibhav gumashta reviewed by thejas nair ) " 
hhh - 6206 - explicitly add antlr jar to transitive dependencies 
better name for default diff tool 
add and initialize readme . md 
fix windows build ( time_t reference ) 
regenerate gradle - wrapper . jar with gradle 1 . 9 
the package org . ops4j . pax . exam . util is optional for cucumber - osgi 
enable travis build 
helper preview 
python - driver without a hard dependency on ` scales ` 
add storm - 2045 to changelog 
update news for 1 . 0 
lps - 68920 bump package version 
mkdir - p ready 
return float in bufferwatermark util percentage 
renamed docbook file to use latest sdocbook plugin 
freebsd ( simplified bsd license ) 
coverage icons 
update changes . txt 
sync - engine - rename 
update to latest version of oss - parent pom 
using latest neo version . 
using released version of jetty - enforcer - rules 
bump maven lib version to 1 . 0 . 1 . 
add icons 
added storm - 1648 to changelog . 
update version 
update for new gradle for android plugin 
update pull_request_template . 
add verbose flag to javadoc 
allow bin / nokogiri to properly handle urls from stdin 
moving these tests to nopass due to pubdev - 1914 
added writeresult . getlastconcern to clirr exclude 
changed travis build 
update readme . md 
fix changes . txt for 3 . 0 . 1 
remove left - over ctx property from rctjavascriptcontext 
fix posix - compliance issue in opengrok 
upgrade to jersey - netty 1 . 5 . 1 
update kframework - sw 
don ' t reverse the arguments to fseek ( o ) . . . 
bump the version number to 0 . 1 . 852 for android 
update spongecommon 
fix threadpool visibility to be consisten with others 
release notes 
upping the version number from 0 . 9 to 0 . 10 on trunk . 
todo update 
update readme . md 
lps - 11999 use dd delegation on liferay navigation for performance improvements - remove old code 
rename metaqmessagesessionfactorybean . java to metaqmessagesessionfactorybean . java 
test fixes 
update nioconnector . java 
updated license file name in pom . xml 
autodetect 
cache source files generated by annotation processors . 
gradle version bump 
add comment for aopalliance 
adding the cordovaexception class 
semver com . liferay . portal . kernel . util , increment version 
prepare v0 . 8 . 8 release . 
replaced zero - length jars from testdata with non - empty ones to avoid ioexceptions 
update spongecommon 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 938 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
fix a bad merge 
updated studio 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 143 
fixed known type of dir ( ) for python 3 . x ( py - 8347 ) 
added galician language asset 
assignments can appear in the middle of a ternary expression 
added entry to bigbluebutton . nginx to include rules in / etc / bigbluebutton / nginx for playback clients 
push version to 11250 . 
delete logo . png 
add a deprecation note . 
ignoring all files generated by git - buildpackage 
lps - 20719 ui problem in wiki 
separate groovy - rt from jps - server jars to prevent mysterious class loading conflicts 
update build . gradle 
lps - 2006 add page title and meta description based on the event or dates being displayed in the calendar portlet 
update contributors . txt 
fix a warning 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
added travis 
lrqa - 16446 move to proper folder 
execute sphinx script via ` bash ` 
added storm - 375 to changelog 
added storm - 951 to changelog . 
fix builder issue 
lrqa - 18229 upgrade poshi runner to version 1 . 0 . 21 
moved to proper directories 
change help url from config . xml . 
upgrade to guava 18 . 0 
update flow to version 0 . 5 . 1 
ehcache - core version declared in parent pom 
more apache tuning for large requests 
corrected package name for anoninnerlength . 
 ' 0 . 6 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
update changes 
this will use the embedded jgit instead of whatever git happens to be available in your environment . 
keep org . jetbrains . kotlin . 
nullable annotation removed from getparent ( ) . 
updated index . list with new packs 
update to lastest trakt - java 2 . 1 . 0 snapshot . 
change readme reference to readme . md 
 ' 1 . 1 . 100 - snapshot ' . 
upgrading wordpress - android - rest library 
it is not automatically generated 
npm compatible version 
update link to wiki 
update readme . md 
implement keyguardgoingaway ( ) fixes build . 
added kindle branch 
cleanup in pde properties , turn off lighting by default in processingapplet 
update readme . md 
addes readme . md to qualme github ' s complaints . 
added joachim baumann to the contributors ( cont ' d ) 
modify symbol 
fixed multiline textinput onchange event 
removed tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 1 
add support library , to be used for viewpagers 
removed openjdk build to keep build log small enough for travis . 
remove gen ' d files 
readme should indicate 1 . 0 . 0 release 
added validationexception 
update spongecommon ref . 
update rest - client dependency 
new image for portlet popup 
new image changes 
added react import to android videoplayer example 
fix default implementation of getcanonicalpath ( ) 
update license . txt 
update project to use supported android platform 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - alpha2 
update readme version 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 784 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
fix jar signer not applying to universal packed in the installer . 
implemented getgl ( ) method in plwjgl , but lwjgl not tested after latest 
update todo 
install node before using it # doh 
mention django in module type description 
update readme . md 
updated changelog . 
latest rxjava . 
updated for 0 . 9 - rc - 3 
null reference to allow multiple shutdown calls . 
update spongecommon 
upgrade maven ant tasks 2 . 0 . 7 - > 2 . 0 . 8 
packetdecoder fixed . 
add support for jdk8 in travis 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / application - list / . 
fix slicedmapimpl # clear 
lps - 63706 task cache 
update ' modules / apps / sync / . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 138 - snapshot ' . 
 / / osmand . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 21 e29c36b1 - 1cfa - d876 - 8d93 - 3434fc2bb7b8 
added storm - 747 to changelog 
lps - 51285 portlet . properties 
delete an unused flag in incrementalindexsegment 
singletop true to reduce activity recreation 
lps - 54919 test module - moves java 
added missing test files 
remove fixed pipeline technique from lighting shader 
add _site dir to . 
lps - 59681 breaking change formatting 
use java to when no java_home defined 
speed up travis by running on non - sudo containers 
update jar 
add link to glm parameters list in python 
updated to tz version 2006d 
added multi fields link to mapping page . 
don ' t use stlport . 
accept " automata " 
upgraded maven - site - plugin to 3 . 0 - beta3 . 
fix ascent and descent of droid sans mono to match roboto . 
hadoop version in build . sbt should be left as default . 
more missing " public " 
changes to the changelog and added a new logo for blueprints 0 . 3 ( the next release . . . ) . 
upgrade gradle dependecies bug 
add ' parcelable ' doc 
switched parent pom of poja 
proper short name for check valid xml in script body inspection 
prohibiting transitive dependencies from being unpacked in one more place . 
return source string instead of calling an infinite recursive loop 
git was being a git 
added storm - 1389 to changelog . 
update release plugin to avoid commit bug . 
added storm - 1215 to changelog 
 ' 1 . 3 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
duplicated asm library removed 
update news 
removing an errant filesystem metadata file . 
fix for proper return values in shadowappwidgetmanager . getappwidgetids ( ) 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 42 
fixed the issue with a4 slide ( or any slide having width < height ) rendering after refreshing a page . 
idea - 123866 map help button of the server certificates page 
pass the - - porcelain flag to git status . 
updated queryclose 
added timeoututil . getdurationmillis ( ) utility method 
use more portable ' killall ' syntax 
fix broken install - gwt script 
enable container - based stack 
inspection description 
add java_home and java version to build lifecycle , for ci integration purposes 
fix a minor bug 
added rrd settings to graylog2 example config file 
move class to correct location 
upgraded some jar files in the project 
updated changelog 
force 3 jvms even if multi - machine 
update readme . md 
lps - 47257 fix css . 
add missing author tag 
removed un - used p . paused ( ) . 
restore border when no templates are found 
lazyset min gating sequence rather than set with memory barrier . 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 2022 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
add logs / and data / to . 
add token configration 
stacktrace filter for jruby stack traces ( java / ruby code ) 2 . 
remove travis configuration file 
disabled test case that fails when testing in debug mode 
success message for completion of package tests 
ignoring eclipse project file 
added bnd jar so that we can generate osgi manifest using bnd from our ant file 
move unit test to its right place in test folder 
some custom languagetypes were missing a language name in tests 
add note to update index . html 
add intellj project files to . 
added reaction to include tags on checkout dialog 
little change to email . yml . example # no_issue 
updated android - support - v4 . 
win32 
wrong log level 
bump to version alpha - 5 
update jar 
travis 
set library min version to 7 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 45666 
additional path to fonts so they are always found . 
enhancement # 86 stub - only mocks . 
chief margin officer 
lps - 65488 remove unneeded jsf packages export 
don ' t verify uniqueness of email address of a user # webinterface - 27 
lps - 51081 enable gradle parallel mode 
lps - 55871 we should set _modifieddate with modifieddate 
release notes 
update readme . md 
lps - 40448 updating alloy to 2 . 0 . x fe263d9e8a50902e6d3d3093a46cc28f6e52ff38 
resize screenshots . 
update readme . md 
as7 - 1994 pass runtime only to subdeployment context as well 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 4 
added storm - 437 to changelog 
test fixes - portal / util 
rc - 1 / 331 version bump 
chunk toolbar hiding 
update changelog for storm - 439 
update readme . md 
adding todo for system overview diagram 
update travis config 
fix a minor issue with windows compilation 
updating to latest simperium 
correct bottom gradient 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc6 - snapshot ' . 
fix weird issue with d3 + retina + open sans . 
remove travis - ci logs from irc 
fix i18n generation script 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / export - import / . 
remove duplicate groupid 
changed from closure to method fixing grails - 297 
increased box size in cubicgridretained 
added storm - 607 to changelog 
fix deployment title section 
set maven_opts for travis , trying to fix the memory problems during tests 
update readme . md 
bump spongecommon 
fix npe in layoutlib . 
prepared for next development iteration 
fix build 
updated link to clas in contributing file 
include a new . 
display success notification on status change 
removed unused import . 
dummy commit on signedjartest to see whether beetlejuice has badly checked out the file or something ? 
update changelog . md 
added extended - pc 
fixed missing import 
update readme . md 
lps - 56179 create a new resoucebundle for item - selector - web 
lps - 36407 logically break " missing references " and " layout " code 
increase password ttl 
use sqlcipher 3 . 0 . 0 
update readme . md 
testing automatic updates to devbuild . bigbluebutton . org 
fix wxstreammodule comile error 
adapt the size of large modals 
lps - 68289 turn on auto close to service builder job 
update gradle version 
enabled test to see if test coverage is going to be triggered 
added files via upload 
fix typo in titan - es maven - clean - plugin config 
update samples to 1 . 4 . 10 
lps - 45983 add a line break since one depends on the other 
update readme . md 
request focus when motionevent . action_up is received . 
removed ds_store files 
lps - 13990 when setting automatically resize in iframe , width is 100 % 
updating readme . md 
sample - use support library for vectors 
snapshot 
js mode additional keywords 
catch more exceptions during teardown ( ) 
readded clean goal for coveralls as it seems to be required by the official doc . 
fix url to github repository in install . md 
lrqa - 19240 move rssfeed . path to portlets \ rss folder 
update legacy metadata 
lrqa - 20324 update build logger jar 
moving back to nopass test 
add travis clean command 
ignoring r ' s directory for h2o . jar . 
have " search " as the reason when dismissing system dialogs for search . 
add high res logo 
adding tts error code to signal missing resources ( for instance missing language files ) . 
redisson pretected 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 67 
fix nullpointerexception that occurs if there are no more turns with lanes indicated . 
permgen leak due to javax . el . beanelresolver 
add matthew to pairs file 
rest tests - disable expressions test for now 
provide source bitmap from roundeddrawable 
make @ bugpattern maturity optional 
added simple scala config wrapper 
update readme . textile 
add the release data for 0 . 8 . 1 
update version . sbt 
mark junit dependency as compile , since aspects depend on it at compile - time 
update slf4j - simple to 1 . 7 . 22 
distelli file is switched to checkstyle / checkstyle account 
mark unused field deprecated 
script is created without package statement 
wi - 16403 change obsolete image in tips of the day / issue linking 
added storm - 849 to changelog 
version bump hppc to 0 . 6 . 0 
updated crate / elasticsearch so the license headers are correct in the upstream 
add missing semicolon to wizard . css 
push version to 11245 . 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 6 . 
made checkeditems public for inspection by tests 
upgrade version again . 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 4 . 
bump smali to 2 . 0 . 8 as per 613c493e9698812c0531acf073bc7ca9e4538eac 
lrqa - 22115 update poshi runner version 
lps - 35854 rename only 
fix systemui crash on xoom startup 
updated todo . txt 
convert path in the constructor 
fix glop usage for drawtexturelayer 
fix uiexplorer list 
menu_labels_showshadow with its default value to the sample xml 
wiki - web npm - shrinkwrap . 
make build number value a number , not a string . 
null check added 
update travis settings 
lps - 52375 update gradle alternative to include test and testintegration 
start 2 . 2 - dev 
 = false for nonpublishsettings . 
fix # 9751 - cancelling offscreen image loads causing crashes 
fixed artifactid for main module . 
add section title 
update travis to the new build tools 
updates version on readme 
update ansjanalysis . java 
removing applicationinfo . class 
added todo 
lps - 3461 , read long groupid as long instead of string otherwise it will break in jpa 
added a version of app_konference . 
changed readme 
update spongecommon 
dropped erroneous test for faulty multicast channels . 
fixed updater tests . 
add permission model - - adding a newline at the end of fspermission . java 
bump version 
prefer jcenter over maven repo 
remove mention of groovy - 6226 ( configure eclipse plugin ) now that the issue is closed 
fixed type signature for abs ( ) ( py - 7983 ) 
static inner class to stop context leaks when using systembarconfig getter 
updated library reference 
document the change 
daov . 2 - deprecated hibernate factory 
update readme . md 
removed appid as its no longer allowed in 1 . 0rc4 of gradle 
noobjecttype # hasreferencename should be false , since getreferencename returns null . 
added storm - 1190 to changelog 
lps - 35981 suppress warnings for exceptions that are thrown by subclasses but not by this class . 
move app . java to correct package # 324 
a test commit to test the github email hook 
exported new script to public repository . 
removed accidentally checked in dir / file 
create circle . yml 
correctly report build messages when utils . gant isn ' t used 
updates smack ' s roster impl to filter bad packets . 
lps - 61156 move basedbtestcase to portal - test - internal 
ability to set telesign credentials via environment variables 
minecraftforge / fml @ 22c9656196dbbea8ed983663d536c3ca272d7282 reset s - > c custompayload data after write , allowing the same packet to be written multiple times . 
hhh - 9858 - make sure release bundles contain hibernate - java8 
mahout - 669 script must have a bash shebang 
add invalidate hack . 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
bumped version to 5 . 0 . 0 - alpha4 
updated readme 
fix the comment 
the library is an ` apklib ` now that resources are included . 
added ' warn ' level to production 
mit 
updated gradle to 1 . 11 - you ' ll need to use androidstudio 0 . 5 . 
avoid running pmd for the jsr166e code 
included also build . xml file in release . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 19 
update darwin components 
update pom . xml 
change sample apk 
added dash to test push 
upgrade to guava - retrying 2 . 0 . 0 
fix typo in readme 
remove dead import 
added proguard . cfg to . 
fix main classpath libs glob for release ( fixup kafka - 3615 regression ) 
fix toggleing alt . 
change mocha dot reporter to min reporter to get cleaner outputs in jenkins . 
renames occurrences of callparticipant to callpeer so that it would better reflect our new call architecture that also includes conferencing and conferencemembers 
update src / mdesl / util / mathutil . java 
updated library version 
update basic - authentication . 
fix typo in parserrunner which incorrectly maps the compiler ' s languagemode to the parser ' s mode . 
make an internal class package private ( cherry - pick to master to unblock all ) 
update readme . md 
update to jetty 6 . 1 . 5 
add a comment about weird - looking double quotes . 
got rid of a warning at generation of docs 
alpha - 32 / 338 version bump 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 15 
section name changed for the sake of correct link 
use latest release plugin . 
updated reference to owncloud library 
add a tbd section for the json support 
new files 
updated studio 
added packaging and refactored libraries around 
sanity check for stats 
changes the default ringing tone to a new more sophisticated one contributed by david bolton . 
 ' rxjava - 0 . 10 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
mistakenly removed a bin dir 
lps - 65790 - regen cache 
added fix for webviewclient . 
how to test 
added ischemablespout interface 
read transifex password from file 
update to rc5 snapshot 
wip2 
catch unsupportedoperationexception 
better thread - safety in isodatetimeformat 
add - y option for automation 
build . sh update 
lps - 51525 rename 
added logo 
fix typo in java . version ref 
removing test with dataset too small to split 
update readme . md 
updated app_konference - 10 . 04 - 32 . 
sonar - 5133 sonar - 5237 update property for " available since " filter 
remove unneeded exception signature from unit test . 
snapshot 
update ' password ' annotation . 
added for cygwin users 
load ` appengine_war ` rule in ` build ` 
file remover and update tested on the mac , working with minor tweaks 
rc - 1 / 320 version bump 
lps - 67863 journal - api packageinfo 
use the 2 . 1 snapshot for fg 
remove a log 
set release version 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
removed mavenlocal ( ) from gradle build 
return a copy of the list of call participants 
prepare project for the next development iteration 
removed custom build script after travis ci fix 
corrected snapshot version 
update version 1 . 3 . 2 
fixed bug in class replayoutputchannelcontext 
add platform - tools to . 
bump imapstore 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 9 
use bash style 
made empty constructor for modmetadata public 
update makefile 
suppress a warning . 
journal - content - web packageinfo 
don ' t sleep 
enable on_start notification always 
built new snapshot 
change minsdkversion from 15 to 14 . 
log4j should be included in war bundles . 
update ios / smscomposer / smscomposer . 
downgrade monitoring dwr lib to version 1 . 1 . 3 ( leave admin dwr 1 . 1 . 4 of - 51 ) 
removed explosion 
update to asm 5 . 0 . 4 
first test for grvy - 214 
icon can be specified by name through interface . 
prepare next release v1 . 1 . 1 - snapshot 
adobe photoshop file for high - resolution icon for android market . 
don ' t accept " einbusse " - actually it ' s correct for de - ch , though 
upgrade gradle 
added name to kv gson converter 
maven 
build cllient locale 
fixed a typo . 
upgrade to mockito 1 . 9 . 5 . 
updated sample apk . 
update favicon 
smack - 530 moved dnsutiltest to integration tests 
updated changelog 
updated changelog 
add forgotten include for upgrade docs . 
update pdf 
removes stun4j and the sc components that are using it so that we can now introduce ice4j 
updated library reference 
fix google - test integration test 
update jmxutils to 1 . 15 
add accessors to dictionary 
lps - 47291 move the class to portal - service because otherwise it ' s not accessible from dlvalidationutil 
add travis support 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 33 - snapshot ' . 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - alpha3 - snapshot 
udpate readme 
and a note about that note 
fixed the name of archivebasename to archivesbasename 
update netflix - statistics version 
missing file 
updates changelog 
py - 1065 reformat and auto - import do not respect space - after - comma preference in multiline imports 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 89 
api tweak for the empty - case . 
adds release - notes . 
run invoker plugin with a single thread to avoid build failures 
tweaked the messaging . 
making proxy servlet more extensible , added customizeexchange ( ) to the patch provided as well 
turns out openjdk8 isn ' t available ; use oraclejdk8 instead 
parameter for customizing publish channel for plugin 
another fall through ( the last i hope ) 
prepared for next development iteration 
removed @ nullable from getvirtualfile ( ) since it is almost never null 
handles ' position are updated in case of external change . 
sonar - 6529 fail to create manual metrics on mssql if db role db_owner is not granted 
update spongecommon 
update todo comments 
updated performance test templates 
revert " default to roxygenize for build and reload " 
update androidmanifest . xml 
fix travis by using latest platform tools required by lint . 
adjust height of text boxes in dialogs 
added back aparapi . jar 
bump the version number to 2 . 1 . 3 
update readme . md 
add / jooq - website / manual to . 
resolve # 132 add converter type constraint 
don ' t track dependency - reduced - pom . 
visual editor lib version bump 
gdx - controllers , placeholder interface . 
journal - terms - of - use packageinfo 
snapshot 
allow locker configuration 
removed lib / . 
update readme . md 
new examples . zip and reference . zip for release 0119 
wrap on typing option for groovy 
fixed testmusicplayer to corectly initialize audiocontext 
readme with overview of contrib modules 
oc - 10705 " memoize " is not in the spellchecking library ( move to global dictionary ) 
add examples module to travis ' maven profile 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon for teleport fix . 
remove unneeded resource file 
more visual differences between intention and fix ( first attempt ) 
removed sleep from clickonview ( ) as requested by issue - 333 
lps - 24285 configuration cache was not cleared 
minor fix to spinner size . 
add json mime mapping to mime . properties . 
incremental local builds for services 
remove a stray classfile and update . 
fixed filterbynodesconstantset in localproperties 
rename 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 634 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
updated changelog 
next development version 
update readme . md 
bump roboelectric plugin version . 
update jar 
bump to 3 . 2 . 0 - rc0 
rc - 2 / 163 version bump 
release voice wake lock at end of voice interaction session 
move to notest . 
fix link for moved android studio index . 
lrqa - 14606 add test property for calendar - portlet 
update spongecommon for save fixes . 
upgrading wishlist 
added a missing dependency . 
make travis perform install and run tests 
fix version number 
update to tpch 0 . 4 
added folder for the visualization project . 
update aioconnector . java 
fix for travis 
update android_build_tools_version 
add jdk 
bumped development version 
updated build script 
use python 2 . 3 because of minidom bugs in 2 . 2 
set sso flag to off 
updated changelog 
 / / bigbluebutton . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 2160 af16638f - c34d - 0410 - 8cfa - b39d5352b314 
use sqlcipher 3 . 4 . 0 
removed use of deprecated attribute in build 
upgrade to jtds 1 . 3 . 0 in attempt to fix intermittent connection issues 
add lucene version in plugin . properties file 
added / out to . 
lps - 48473 - remove ' iseditorpresent ' method from liferay . util 
added storm - 876 to changelog 
update to fields 2 . 1 . 2 , fixes # 9612 
i am such an idiot . 
notnull psireference . getvariants ( ) , ideadev - 39670 
upgrade to jmh 1 . 9 and profile gc as well 
fixed name case glitch ( importas . py to importas . py ) . 
simple build script fix for idea project generation 
fixed incorrect method name in aloge . 
preparing for release x . y . z 
add the xerces impl jar which i missed out on the previous commit 
updated api in readme 
3 . 1 . 1 beta ( supports getxxx and isxxx for the same property ) 
update sample project to latest processor jars 
fail build on lint warnings 
migrated to travis ci ' s container - based infrastructure . 
icons for combo box button 
updated changelog 
core - 1661 add support for mssql sequences 
fix for npe on long press to start a selection on text . 
add local . properties to . 
ensure < th > elements have the same text - align property on every browser . 
update readme . md 
added sam ' s id 
update readme . md 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 129 
updated the changelog 
update library reference . 
return default to only print labels that were classified and prevent flood of information when output numbers are 5000 + 
update readme . md 
include log / in releases 
asset - taglib 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
new message should have been in messagesbundle . properties rather 
groovy syntax for install instructions 
update thumbnail image 
disable query cache by default . 
unix crypt 
sample - 1 . 0 . 4 
exclude * . 
update ds_store file on the mac for better file layout 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / trash / . 
fix readme thanks 
updating alloy to bc89c86 ; lps - 31317 
fixing phpunit invocation 
updated changelog 
push version to 11248 . 
close the cursor when the tasks cursor is deallocated 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 27 - snapshot ' . 
update version to 1 . 7 - snapshot . 
clean up no longer needed reference to navigationbarclass 
add linux / ppc native 
update gradle plugin to 1 . 3 . 1 . 
sync - 1593 update com . liferay . sync . encryptor . jar 
update changelog 
update maven build to use same level of cglib as ant build 
lps - 52961 rename 
updated changes 
rename example guide 
updated changelog 
delete temp zip file once it is unzipped 
upgrade mongodb java driver to 2 . 13 . 0 , closes # 1024 
add temp accesstransformer config for fml 
lps - 61728 update cache 
add appregistry to imports in example 
commit a new default in intellij ide settings added by intellij 11 . 
update rest - client to b1b9b8c5ebf08c689d02b0d44f8a46dac89e8555 . 
lps - 55277 update alloyeditor zip ( no version change ) 
test for get_field_mapping was calling get_mapping 
kindof important minor bug fix . . . ; ) tested in container and working properly . 
version change 
now prints an error message if permission is not available . 
filebasedindeximpl . getstate 
version 0 . 9 . 0 . 
update spongecommon for dimension config fixes . 
updating alloy to e584aec ; lps - 28490 
update readme . md 
fix sys stats cookie being lost from ui requests 
upgrade scala to 2 . 11 . 8 
narrowing what ' s necessary to build a jruby gemspec . 
upgrade version . 
 ' endregion ' keyword ( custom folding marker ) 
added storm - 1058 to changelog 
 - method scanning ( plugin id reservation in alerts . xml ) 
removing old image of test 
added a nls 
on os x absorb the dependency jars into tightdb - devkit . 
update to gradle 2 . 8 
updated changelog 
lps - 67049 shopping move unit test to module 
update readme . md 
changes test assertion of html / test_document # test_title = ( ) in case of pure java version . 
wall werror in native / android 
downgrading server to jersey 1 . 3 due to issue with loading of external jax - rs packages . 
update contributing . md 
updates , release 0 . 0 . 2 
roll back to appbundler from 3 . 0a5 while investigating crash issues # 3359 and # 3360 
update readme . md 
build_release . 
update gradle build tools 
add project default gradle . properties , to avoid build failures from missing properties 
depend on agrona snapshot . 
fix pushparser . until not eating the marker 
adding date to changelog for 0 . 12 . 0 release . 
remove spurious stdout n = , rank = 
add @ since comment for method part . getsubmittedfilename ( ) that was added in servlet 3 . 1 . 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
removed one ' ) ' . . . smells like a typo . 
update favicon 
version is read from manifest 
remove unnecessary project dependency on wrapper project in plugins 
upgrade guava to 16 . 0 . 1 
remove unused import . 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 35 - snapshot ' . 
fix snapshot version format . 
update maven jar plugin to 2 . 6 , issue # 644 
delete ic_launcher . 
update plugin - interfaces version in pom . xml 
remove duplicate version from guides index 
bump commons - collections version to fix object deserialization remote command execution vulnerability 
add mariano semelman to the list of contributors in readme . md . 
introduction of shippable . com ci 
update gradle tools level 
bump to snapshot version for development . 
notes 
remove unused library file 
fixing classpath for the javadoc - compiler 
readme 
update version to 1 . 2 . 3 
upgrade to json views 1 . 0 . 9 
removed onion routing from readme 
initial commit - dev guides 
lps - 30600 fix portlet - data . xml so that it reflects the changes from lps - 29856 
using support lib r12 
update spongecommon for duplicate user lookup fix . 
added storm - 1472 to changelog 
so long , and thanks for all the fish 
prepare release acra - 4 . 4 . 0test 
upgrade to okhttp 3 . 4 . 1 
update readme . md 
spark - client build failed sometimes . 
deleted support library from core library 
fix broken astroboy dep 
update to swift - smc 0 . 2 
update readme . md 
upgrade to okhttp 3 . 2 . 0 
bump spongecommon 
include all mode setting messages at debug level 
updated changelog 
beta - 2 version bump 
adam , shouldn ' t the launcher . gradle depend on jna ( compile - time ) ? 
update subprojects / docs / src / samples / userguide / tutorial / properties / gradle . 
update android gradle plugin to 1 . 5 . 0 . 
spritebatch # rendermesh , private - > protected 
update spongecommon 
added todo 
fix npe on isvalid for an expired session when activity check is enabled . 
ea - 28312 , don ' t recursively hide lookup 
revert upgrade of persistit 3 . 3 . 0 . 
added blob path changes entry 
removed the line sip . server . host = ip - here because it was a double entry 
update readme . md 
update changes . txt 
move assembly to deploy phase 
update version to 2 . 0b5 
incremented version properties 
only have to wait for daemons to die if we are doing cross version tests . 
add todo 
renamed from startup . 
 ' 0 . 12 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
update spongecommon for interactitemevent fixes . 
pathspec ' gh - pages ' did not match any file ( s ) known to git ( # 1267 ) 
adding client - negotiation module 
add 1 . 0 . 2 gif 
map . remove ( ) should contain beforecall ( ) to set the factory to the threadcontext . 
record method not documented , shouldn ' t be exposed ( # 392 ) 
update android / paypalplugin / readme . 
also apply style of actions css class in table cells 
fix parameter name 
update project . pbxproj 
test against 2 . 5 . x spring version on 1 . 7 branch 
validation that generates less garbage . 
border color set as default separator color 
lps - 18560 source formatting missed the break 
added storm - 10054 to the changelog . 
use const char in 
reload game settings after mod loading is finished to capture mod keybindings . 
upgrade to disruptor 3 . 3 . 4 
changed chat app from fitcdemo to chatserver 
switch to travis - ci docker based infrastructure 
updated favicon 
disable gradle lint checks , so build will succeed 
add python requirements file . 
fix broken image in docs 
fix seekbarpreference support for summaries 
consider scene uninitialized after destroyscene ( ) 
update gradle . properties file with a new version_name and version_code for the next development iteration 
update changelog for storm - 504 
update spongecommon 
use javadoc in common . thrift 
updated changelog 
added notice file 
update properties template . 
update n6 device art port image to remove shadow . 
update studio 
bump version to 0 . 0 . 13 . 
added methods on broker to integrate zookeeper based broker . 
update stickylistheaders to latest 1 . x version 
new image changes 
instruct travis to only build master branch . 
update versioncode 3 
made method public , was mistakenly package private . 
update changes 
add hint for location search field 
updating version . txt for snapshot 
update version to 3 . 3 . 2 . 
add storm - 1121 to changelog . md 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 66 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
rename . 
removed a notification statement from the method extensionhistory # addhistory ( historyreference ) as the list was already notified when that statement is reached . 
lps - 47337 regen , without the previous commit , these jars wouldn ' t get downloaded 
updated changes . txt for esperanto . 
restore doctaglet - snapshot dependency . 
increase the delay a little bit when opening a new activity from the menudrawer . 
fixed a crash in telephonymanager while calling getdeviceid ( ) 
lps - 54187 make sure to destroy the dialog if it gets hidden 
removed empty mbprogresshud 
remove superfluous openssl include paths . 
update readme . md 
added builder class diagram 
log failure to find newline in plaintext 
 ' middleware ' added 
bump idea compiler process heap to 1 . 5gb 
rename fix 
remove old cmd option from usage sysnopsis 
update news 
a notice to third - party users of this distribution . 
change strategies for downloading dependencies . 
travis config change - clean before build 
update readme . md 
update extensions . java 
add mysql - python 
incremented version properties 
fixed test case 
add explanation for using more than one option at a time 
updated changelog 
remove duplicate of me in authors 
removed long col 
update readme . md 
update drawer . java 
added eclipse project settings files to . 
use buildtools from root gradle 
icons 16x16 
preparing for release v0 . 8 . 6 . 
update maven - enforcer - plugin to 1 . 4 for issue # 644 
update readme . md 
mention the chapter six example dependency on r and imap 
fix plugin id in examples / kotlinexample / build . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 98 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 147 
fix travis again . 
added screenshot for making change to the bbb - client 
update android gradle plugin to 2 . 1 . 0 . 
add mike to pairs file 
updated version at readme 
make it a little easier to build camel without running the tests . 
release pegasus 1 . 8 . 34 , bumping gradle . properties 
update to latest android gradle build 1 . 3 . 0 
use default os x image ( xcode7 . 3 ) 
fix package in manifest 
release . scope = patch 
removing unused global . 
removing the glossary from the output . 
update readme . md 
adding storm - 1103 to changelog . md 
update sample icon 
update version to 4 . 1 . 4 - snapshot 
gradle plugin 1 . 2 . 3 
update readme . md 
rm old cql lib 
update docs . 
update project icon 
enabling the profile client 
renamed license file 
fix for # 81 upgrade to netty 3 . 4 . 1 . 
check in to test moe 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc7 ' . 
implement entertemp using another entertemp 
fixes # 167 by replacing the undefined ' mavenuser ' and ' mavenpassword ' with placeholders 
make scrolldirectionlistener public 
fixes small cli bug introduced by cassandra - 3865 
lrqa - 16948 modify the jserrorcollector xpi file in poshi runner 
update spongecommon 
add open issues 
document state machine of jetty http client . 
updates repo location in readme 
update maven - assembly - plugin ( pull # 145 ) 
changelog for 0 . 8 . 9 
fix extra - configurations - plugin to a gradle - 2 . x version 
update spongecommon for interactitemevent and piston fixes . 
new version , apk 
move installhadoop to dolast 
remove test dependency on plugins project , not needed . 
upgraded maven - javadoc - plugin from 2 . 7 to 2 . 9 
fix typo in readme . 
jcenter removed as it is now a remote in repo . gradle . org 
attempting to fix upload of docs . 
don ' t play lock sound when just resetting keyguard 
add missing using for ( for attributes ) 
quiet down line ending check 
update readme . md 
lrqa - 17257 we need the ' liferay . portal . 7 . 0 . x . 
smaller label 
i ' ve found that the build only works with maven 2 . 0 . 5 at least on the mac . 
added changelog entry 
update to reflect android - common no longer in framework . 
downgrade build tool to 23 . 0 . 1 for travis 
revert " keep util class ( support info ) " 
add stdint . h to fix sim - eng 
fixing the documentation link . 
create readme . md 
add # include < sys / socket . 
largeheap = true , application process should be created with a larger dalvik heap 
update readme . md 
update build . gradle 
journal - content - web packageinfo 
changed project . version to - snapshot 
add storm - 1008 to changelog . md 
fix recreation of gradle wrapper ( outdated version ) 
don ' t build master for now . 
only leave one default network up at a time . 
moved from file package 
cr1 release 
fixed issue when the last waypoint of a motion path was not triggering listeners 
update changes , add entry for upsert - by - query support 
lps - 57308 use lfr - module - config - generator 1 . 1 . 6 
nullable 
increasing uninterrupted sleep quantum in sqlitedatabase to increase transaction size . 
instancefactory was set to look for fields instead of methods 
update strings . xml 
upgrade to new os - maven - plugin 
add missing type to actionbarsherlock 
reset the setonkeylistener callback when view is destroyed 
fix vertical align for notification switch in activity 
updates libs folder 
fix broken stream graph range selection 
modified samples 
quick and dirty documentation on how to release a new version . 
computeconstantvalue ( ) of enum constant evaluates to this which make dfa inspection care about this kind of constants . 
fix bug # 6029615 update javadoc for onpaddingchanged ( ) 
update sidebar . md 
added oc jelly bean workaround app as a visible module in the project 
update readme . md 
update support lib 
language keys 
libsvm . jar for 3 . 19 release 
shuts down cluster manager in backuphait , tries to fix port in use errors 
missing test file for hive5199 ( navis via ashutosh chauhan ) 
updated polish translation 
ics - catalogs branch has gone 
restore accidentally removed util . gwt . xml . 
removed @ repeat ( 100 ) from basiccachetest 
fix copy_from reference 
copy for tag flyway - 2 . 0 . 2 
swingx source 
added h2 jar 
added mvn - bundle script 
update readme . md 
updated pt saying that i also improved rules 
fix build tools for travis ci . 
exclude library class from jacoco code coverage 
move test class into merged otp - core module from old rest - api module 
fix the misleading model_key name 
update changelog for rb 119617 
added proxy class diagram 
plugin for copying files from assets to device sd card in android 
add unit - test for jpg image 
fix linux build ( case sentitive include path ) 
lps - 67352 add check ' parametername ' 
try codecov 
update readme 
checkstyle version changed 
update ' modules / apps / forms - and - workflow / calendar / . 
next development version 
made pgllistener constructor public 
upgrade to hive - apache 0 . 17 
updated changelog 
adding types to backup to debug log 
update readme . md 
layoutanimation now works on android 
update readme . md 
adding yuri to authors 
update version to 0 . 4 . 36 - snapshot 
bug fix - added missing attribute_context_path attribute 
update readme file 
add missing readme link to sonatype snapshot repo . 
update spongecommon for isarealoaded optimization . 
bump gradle to 3 . 2 . 1 
don ' t include original exception class name in cql message 
include legend ' s html file 
use the latest lib snapshot 
updated how to build text file with latest tablesaw jar 
add updated osx bullet natives 
get rid of - - nodeep_execroot reference 
add storm - 1844 to changelog 
copy for tag roboguice - 1 . 1 
new fluido skin for site 
add sql console module to jooq - parameters were not committed . 
node . xpath 
upgrade to async - http - client 1 . 8 . 14 
testdata 
update jar 
install protobuf compiler 
fix layout for new sample 
move bootstrap assets to dependencies 
updated readme 
new screenshots 
cropped logo image . 
made field private 
fixed the fastscroll thumb asset in hdpi . 
changing mx2 / my2 back 
added dummy src folder for ant build 
suggest using - - user when the install directory isn ' t writable . 
fix throws signature 
add a ' @ see ' to dataview . 
updated changelog 
fix android tools build gradle to 0 . 13 . 
update intellij copyright profile 
changehistory 
update gradle . properties 
update to 5 . 4 . 0 - snapshot 
add ububenheimer @ github to acknowledgements file 
 ` bin ` and ` config ` only plugins do not install correctly 
update readme . md 
more looptest experimentation 
removed build code from build info . 
updating readme 
update spongecommon for fixes . 
fixed duplicate attribute in reader_fragment_post_list 
use docker - client 2 . 3 . 1 
added storm - 756 to changelog 
export jvm_opts in debian init 
lps - 26234 always set to default_parent_category_id when vocabulary is changed 
check that playlist entries refer to a row in the audio table . 
add cloud - azure module 
fixing the bnd and jar packaging by manually overriding the exports 
update monthview . java 
ui initial commit 
adding netscape javascript classes 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 112 
fixed the readme after error prone update to 2 . 0 . 11 
forgot to update the default properties 
update news 
lps - 46847 - inline editor links should have a cursor pointer 
lps - 56101 proper logging for portal - service tests 
removed " travis_wait " 
update searchanimator . java 
gh - 401 - fixed travis timing out 
updated changelog 
making delombok compatible with post - resolution transformers meant delombok would fail with a ' duplicate context value ' error . 
use localised string having gone to the bother of obtaining it . 
lrqa - 16385 add mentions component to testray 
update spongecommon . 
uitexture for uitest 
element . text changelog 
switched to new parent - central pom , which changes the maven site skin 
update news 
push api version to 1 . 1 . 0 . 
fix param name in javadoc 
do not change detected platform with initplatformprefix 
add storm - 1470 to changelog 
asciidoc fix to api conventions 
updating readme to reference guava v 19 and 20 to match pom - main and pom - gwt 
update version in package . json 
equals ( ) should compare against input parameter 
use - noverify for travis builds that now run on 7u65 
add storm - 1679 to changelog 
don ' t check isempty ( ) . 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 14 . 1 
uses openssl ( crypto ) for sha - 1 on gnu / linux . 
feedback changes - sort out dependency 
new actioncode 
removed ' master ' from names . txt 
change controller template to use methods instead of closures 
dgm . println ( object ) and friends do a writer . close ( ) if the object is a writer . 
whoops , didn ' t have the " take screenshot " key in the readme 
push version to 14 . 0 . 3 , 11266 . 
add todo 
set testsuite - shared < scope > test < / scope > . 
updated logo 
update to gradle 2 . 12 
update cucumber - jvm - deps to 1 . 0 . 5 
added missing license header 
available ( ) function 
update demo gif 
update roadmap . md 
remove unused constant from twlayoutmanager 
ensure oncreate calls through to super . oncreate ( ) . 
added gif 
restored upload of distribution 
update readme . md 
renamed curry to appl 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 2 . 9 
making undertow class final 
lps - 45059 close was lost 
added block sounds directory to core build file , which is used for new modules . 
drop metadata column from secrets table 
fixed issue where chunkpriderevent . initnoisefield used the wrong sizey value . 
added support for assertstatement 
update release - notes . 
removed roles from neo4j recipe , since they can not be part of a recipe 
reset indexfiles when reloadiing index lists 
uncomment the grade command 
update to latest jetty - schemas version . 
fix dialogs order 
update graylog2 - rest - client submodule , again 
update readme 
updated changelog 
lrqa - 22687 add liferay . portal . ee - 7 . 0 . x . 
made nth throw on unsupported types 
reduce leeway to 1 , child clipping updated every scroll movement . 
lrqa - 16493 sf 
 - update python client api ( zap 2 . 1 . 0 ) 
add actor logo source files ; 
move to production resources 
updated changelog 
terrorist version bump 
fixed system counters return of underrun counter to return underrun and not overrun . 
add privacy service aidl 
materialicon - ttf 
testdata fixed 
upgraded to new idea plugin version . 
change name of audioplayer_activity layout 
updated build script to package the same version ( 1 . 1 . 5 ) of resources plugin that is used in buildconfig . groovy 
move sdk to jphp - inf resource directory 
wip20 
lps - 35241 add the class that can be displayed in the ui to the references 
lps - 47852 add override 
markdown4j added to distribution 
correct wrong rb number in previous commit . 
enusre source is used if no retention policy is given 
store checkout location in workspace variable 
fixed case of sidebitflag 
prepare api version 1 . 2 . 0 . 
lps - 22295 visual formating in asset publisher when there are comments and ratings 
update to checkstyle 6 . 18 . 
python 2 . 4 compatibility . 
update cfg for perf test to run on 164 
add gradlew . bat to . 
fixed dependency declaration for mahout - taste - webapp to specify ' war ' type instead of default jar . 
add reference . zip download to the assemble process 
remove obsolete file 
prepare release acra - 4 . 6 . 0 
don ' t tweak left margin for ssh button panel 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal / . 
rename to not be large . 
update spongecommon 
gradle dependency info added to readme . 
editor color scheme for darcula 
commons - net is required for platform 
lps - 62909 no longer necessary 
upgrade to tika 1 . 0 , closes # 4 . 
updated library reference 
updated support library 
commit the automatic trailing newline in jsch config file 
use travis ' xcode 6 . 3 beta 
update findbugs classpath for windows compat . 
added missing empty src folder for ant build 
add change branch image 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 21 - snapshot ' . 
fix openshift log cleanup script 
update gradle properties 
in clearview ( ) , see if native exists before calling it . 
update readme . md 
remove ' haven ' from synthesis dictionary ( now , just the source file for the script ) 
update es / upstream for throttle . type reset fix 
remove slf4j from gradle - core jar 
fix synchronization issues for mina compression filter 
prepare version 27 . 
add a second call signs file 
hotfix for failing test - change waitforcloud to original value 5 . 
commented out rules file location in conf 
don ' t push on travis before setting password 
update build . gradle 
fix pom dependency reference in readme 
fork for ' ant test ' 
chore ( driver - compat ) move spock tests to ' unit ' subdirectory of ' test ' 
don ' t append sdk path to local . properties , replace instead 
updated readme 
test push to dev . 
lps - 61758 ant clean should wipe out the work dir 
added playground class for devs to test out different aspects of the library . 
include timeout change in release notes 
updated pointer to android library 
false ' which switches us to travis ' shiny new infrastructure . 
revert " added code style settings for android studio " 
sysloglogger not needed in gemfile because it is not used 
update credits 
removed snapshot dependency for release . 
 ' 1 . 5 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
changes to license and aditional components ( # 34 ) 
fix broken test by adding relative ordering to resources2 . jar so it is processed after resources . jar 
reminder to check doc links after release 
add notifications to slack for windows build . 
remove unused import . 
increasing round_join_threshold in linestroker to allow for line 
updated reference to oc - library 
fixed paths in windows installer for pycharm edu 
fix camera getmeteringareas does not return areas correctly . 
may be multiple threads accessing the buffer 
integrating removal of focustrackback for linux since it brings more troubles than fixes . 
new image changes 
bumped wrapper version in the build file for consistency . 
remove vim file 
fix installation of 64 - bit binary 
adding a build badge from our ci ( and the shame of it being red atm ) 
removed unused import in format class 
add xxhdpi icons 
updated the changelog 
add missing dependency in layoutlib build file 
update readme for a pr test . 
update generationid on bitmaps when decoded into by bitmapregiondecoder 
boost filesystem v2 on the mac fix 
add getspawnlocation ( ) to the world api 
remove test default property , so that the unit tests would stop complaining . 
updating version to 1 . 0 . 0 
no need for initial value - all code paths create a customobjectinputstream . 
update to track h2o - perf not perfor . . . 
adjust maven assembly so that the tarballs are not released to our artifactory on release . 
i + = j ; i } } 
renamed file to fix case - sensitivity issue . 
update android support libraries to 25 . 0 . 1 . 
fix for empty collections in protobufpersisteddata . 
add demo image 
set proper package name for - v9 library 
added reflect . jar as dependency for proguard . 
no longer beta 
move scripts to subdirectory to reduce clutter at top level 
avoid re - definition of error 
bump dependency on neo4j - browser . 
lps - 66430 bumps version 
synchronization isn ' t done correctly for groovy . sl . sql ( additional tweak ) 
updating readme 
made logo smaller 
marking ' test ' as tests directory for server module 
updated reference to library after rebase 
fixes next button icon in chat window . 
new tightdb jni library 
updated android library to handle 503 code error 
removed trailing slash from apiref shortcode 
fix for 10530176 - cookiesyncmanager must be created by webview c ' tor 
fix crash on windows x64 when receiving video , add native windows video renderer for 32 - bit and 64 - bit . 
revert previous servicemessages . jar update , because now teamcity messages should have " name " mandatory attribute 
fix codenarc in groovy test 
applet with systray menu disabled 
updated sample version code 
kmeans pyunit nofeature conversion 
add droidsansgeorgian font file 
update readme 
added jar file . 
make sg depend on drag - sort - listview . 
updated changelog 
to java 1 . 5 
removed apk 
oops , remove accidental change that names a test recommender 
update cmakelists . txt 
drop unused welcome screen icons 
add iostream header 
updated changelog 
updated readme version 
updated changelog 
add reopen command 
set default wait strategy back to blocking . 
update readme 
update changes . md 
bump back to 3 . 4 . 0 - snapshot 
snapshot 
revert travis change as they do not support java6 anymore 
fix could not find element / manifest / application . 
unused import has been removed 
fix , logs option doesn ' t work 
update wanted_features 
deactivate travis ci cache 
increased the size of the cursor to make it more visible 
update readme 
update divider color to match qs tile divider color . 
unhide disallow_outgoing_beam 
bump required packrat version 
set to snapshot again for one more rc 
lps - 48020 - dependencies 
removed unneeded kochiku config 
run inside travis . ci containers 
upgraded to elasticsearch v0 . 20 . 4 
update readme . md 
say hi to travis ci . 
public constructor 
modified to be public . 
explicitly check for w / c is none 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 40 
teste primeiro commit 
changed email address for travis 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 13 - snapshot ' . 
remove repo . springsource . org / libs - milestone 
policy supports cert validation , refactored jetty policy to support better reload mechanism 
use the latest maven ant muck , which should fix some npe crapo when invoking multipule targets 
update samples / java - dropwizard / readme . 
update news 
added lib dir in cassandra - 0 . 7 
enable emails from travis ci 
don ' t lose content change during rollback for loader already started 
lps - 63740 rename 
updates maven version in readme to 1 . 1 . 4 
added titan cassandra diagrams . 
added multichat operation set definition and gibberish protocol implementation . 
version bump for xml - maven - plugin to use skip option in future 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 127 
change maven scope - > servlet api 
update library reference 
renamed messages files 
automatically create outputdirectory 
update plugin - build . 
included the functions documentation 
fix check for same class in artifactcacheconnectevent . 
add - - info to buildscript 
added atomic include to publication for gcc builds . 
bump spongecommon ref . 
 ' 0 . 11 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
update readme . md 
adding travis configuration file 
push version to 13 . 1 . 1 , 11257 . 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 415 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
simplify job 
fixed stupid error ( py - 2101 ) 
lps - 50240 - add job component ' social - office - legacy ' for the ' liferay - qa - portal - legacy - ee ' repository 
update build . gradle 
make com . android . location . provider visible to apps - only build . 
fix for grails - 12005 - ensure missing plexus classes are on the classpath 
move demo pyunits to nopass since not working right now 
fixed bugs # 257 , # 258 , # 260 ) 
fix uiexplorer drawer list 
lps - 53144 - add missing default attribute 
made permissions on / opt / openfire more strict . 
update android async 
lps - 65920 ( web ) move xml files 
pickblock now replaces the currently selected item if it could not find a empty space . 
bump libs / utils version number . 
use theme - specific divider color in menu . 
update spongecommon for removal of throws from team / team builder 
updated changelog . txt . 
update readme . md 
added missing moco runner 
also update ant build for library projects in external / 
match xml tag 
force switching to brunch installed in current dir 
add a missing visibility modifier to fix build . 
made sure libgcc and libstdc + + are linked in statically when building the windows llvm dll . 
revert " force monospace font in qt preview " 
groovy - 3311 
portal - search - elasticsearch 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
updating to latest netty for frame logger optimizations . 
explicit sourcecompatibility and targetcompatibility of 1 . 5 in gradle build 
update readme . md 
created a basic readme file 
gradle wrapper jar updated 2 . 10 
exclude the old protostuffjson from the benchmark . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 53 
typo in the conf file 
use custom java . io . tmpdir during execution of tests 
removed unnecessary return type for method . 
remove override annotation so we can use the latest sdk to compile 
configure continuous integration using travis ci . 
moved wavloader and glslloader to core - plugins 
add new line at the end of file in the pom . xml 
try inspecting version 
prepare version file for release 
bump gherkin version 
added recognizer . removeerrorlisteners ( ) to recognizer . py 
 - fix comment documenting default url for extension index page 
use spring 1 . 2 . 6 
change author header style 
update spongecommon 
bump thrift ver for 3433 
prepare version 19 . 0 . 1 . 
fix text overflow for chat button 
fixed typo 
add example for map type in documentation 
fix assembly tar mode on some platforms 
preview 
link worker_tool documentation to the main website 
changes autoresize to volatile 
resource leak in sqlutils . java 
change itemselectionsupport to always consume long clicks 
enabling show implementations in plain html and other files that do not contain java code . 
upgrade to discovery 1 . 20 - snapshot 
fix travis compilation 
upgrade to mockito 2 . 0 . 100 - beta 
added relative path to the parent pom so that the user won ' t need to 
updated version in readme . 
renamed and moved the javatransform class 
changelog 
prevent textureview from ever setting a null layer paint 
adding support for org . mongodb . usesocket system property to gradle build 
update readme . md 
lrqa - 26217 move web search to core infrastructure team 
lps - 66144 move css file 
add hdf bool for deviste , used to change aspects of the templates 
fixed - running gradle jar would cause an unexpected token exception 
fix jdk - version for eclipse - plugin 
remove older hive jar 
fixed build error handling using invalid python syntax . 
the drawing matrix is not updated when setimagematrix is called . 
made gettimewritten ( ) public 
 " committer " 
show an error if adding the stream rule failed . 
fix in make distribution script . 
lps - 41666 package warning when building util - java 
updated index with new flow test airlines billion 
deleting travis yml config file 
version in readme 
update pom . xml 
use undef var instead of undefined 
added storm - 792 to changelog 
update changes . txt 
fixed uribeacon dependency 
 / / jitsi . org / screenshots / voicemail . png 
knowledge - base - item - selector - api 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
correct the version of jsr305 in readme . md 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 9 
used @ package @ variable in path 
yet another flaky test . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 27 
mrj toolkit stubs 
todo for future checkstyle tweak 
tweaked pom to run validator plugin on eclipse builds 
increasing enum count to help parse strings upto 65000 
orthographiccamera fix 
fixed a typo ( ' compilng ' ) 
update readme . md 
preparing for a release of 1 . 2 . 0 
drop npm . tar . gz from sources 
added code style settings for android studio 
maven - shade - plugin version changed to 2 . 4 . 3 
make / usr / share / red5 as default for red5 . home 
add updateloadedfiles 
update to latest android - iconics core v2 . 5 . 2 
update the changelog file 
lps - 32527 unsyncprintwriter . reset ( ) should release super lock to reduce memory footprint 
specify name explicitly to avoid mangling issue 
jakarta is shown when doing get request - update library reference 
disable mocking " promise " in jest tests 
bump storm dependency for no zmq local mode 
update current . xml to fix build 
upgraded netty version . 
we don ' t put ' monospaced ' in < code > ' s css because that somehow affects rendering in safari . 
remove apply constants from module build . gradle , it ' s applied in the root build . gradle 
fix typo in okhttp integration version . 
added ` groovy ` solutions for chapter 5 
updated structdb with structs from angrybots for 4 . 2 
add contributing guidelines 
r / m merge artifact 
keep consistent of buildtoolsversion in sample 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 134 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / export - import / . 
lps - 65453 rename 
update owncloud library reference 
added kasper to list of developers 
build tools 1 . 2 . 2 
remove alert test 
removed unnecessary groupid from plugin . 
wip1 
correct case on jinglenodes i18n 
removed wrong import causing tests to fail . 
put back - snapshot for git 
repair travis 
clarify java requirement . 
changed usernames ' cursor 
test auto push . 
 ' 0 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
adding " gl " 
updated reference to library after merging support for forbidden characters in server into develop 
tag opened_my_profile and opened_account_settings as future events 
update readme . md 
add changes_hdfs - 5535 . txt . 
get rid of saving r session message from desktop hooks because it is now provided by the server 
prepare release checkstyle - 7 . 0 
update readme . md 
update rajlog . java 
update version code and name for 2 . 6 beta 3 
fixed slf4j version 
updated changelog 
add case for decimal128 to jsonreader # skipvalue 
update common . 
documented get moco version from manifest 
changed userdao interface 
mark testremovebinarydelay0 as problematic , failed many times 
specify table format in hive test script 
update spongecommon 
lps - 42473 update input value on initialization 
updated changelog 
set ulimit 
update readme . md 
disable non - working test . 
removed incorrect dependency on ' util ' module from ' forms_rt ' 
use parallel build for installation on travis 
set window title gwt hook for linux and windows 
log with ` rctperformancelogger ` only once per bridge instance 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 57743 
adding contributing guidelines . 
remove ruby - head from allow_failures . 
make eventual assertion in partitionservicesafetychecktest 
update wrapper to gradle 2 . 0 final 
add a missing space in external_integration_test 
upload archives after proguard check 
update sdk version on example 
fix minor typo in test 
disable aspectj sample 
todo 
incremented version properties 
customizer 
don ' t show tabs in streams index 
remove unused discard ( ) method 
got rid of obsolete todo 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 46125 
updated todo 
rename to nopass . 
groovy console - - option to auto - save on run - added missing action mapping entry 
changes in ocfilelistfragment from comments in pr # 500 
don ' t appy recording marks twice to audio 
set jdiff version 
add a missing @ required 
revert " lps - 60403 add ' prepare - tomcat - setenv ' to ' run - functional - test ' batches " 
fixed the " target causing name overwriting " warning . 
don ' t log on filtertext 
create pull_request_template . 
credit for alex bertram for commit f2056d8 
fixing the config name 
updating changelog 
glmmodel ' time ' doesn ' t exist anymore 
prepare library for development 
removed broken repo 
add travis ci file 
minecraftforge / fml @ 4a753227adb805d29f3bf245c3f8427193c35544 rework eventsubscriptiontransformer to bake @ cancelable and @ hasresult values , should increase eventbus performance even more by removing logic from event constructors . 
emove uncessary include for skporterduff . h ( part 2 ) 
invoke ` appveyorcibuild ` rather than ` build ` task 
link xprivacy installer 
new launcher image for windows 
fix for grails - 9845 " grails forked run - app and test - app should ' block ' and forward io to parent process " 
update to latest build tools 
added files via upload 
updated build . gradle to point to the strangelydim maven repo again for the latest agrona snapshot jar . 
fix of - 654 - limit index size of jid to 256 for mysql 
 " semina " raus 
javascript module removed . 
set closed to true , fixes java - 181 
fixed py - 6543 django manage . py commands not working 
next development version 
update to 6 . 12 - snapshot 
updated version number 
add storm - 1713 to changelog . md 
fixed ios check in iosgl20 . cpp 
background highlighting for cpp 
update readme . md with contributing section 
eol issue on gradlew 
update todo 
add final modifier to shortcutbadger class to avoid anybody to extend it 
op_activate_vpn should not map to disallow_config_vpn 
enable @ suppresswarnings ( " checkstyle . foo " ) 
open in scene builder - catch class not found 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 135 - snapshot 
added additional flip when generating meshes 
translated using weblate ( belarusian ( latin ) ) 
bumped up gradle to 2 . 4 
test data for codegen 
added to changelong 
update library reference 
lps - 26879 - clean up theme images directory 
remove todo 
mark snapshot status api as coming in 1 . 1 . 0 
missing sudo 
prepare version 30 - beta2 . 
added override tag 
destroy newt window on exit 
add russian to list 
small documentation fix for audiomanager . java 
increase max_ttl_to_gfw to 14 
lgpllr no longer valid 
revert to older tomcat plugin version as the new one doesn ' t work . 
sonar - 3893 ajusted css for symbols highlighting 
update linux - x86 - 64 natives 
remove explicit " typesafe - releases " repo definition 
add functional include 
update library version number 
update readme . md 
added build status to readme 
added configuration for spock - specs report 
validate ( ) vs pack ( ) 
add storm - 1669 to changelog 
snapshot 
fix typo 
try double tools in travis 
point correct property android_build_compile_sdk_version in gradle . properties file 
remove extra ' ) ' in etag example 
set for dev 
bump android version name to 0 . 1 . 853 
mahout - 1445 create an intro for item based recommender 
remove top margin from test audio button 
add a shouldupdate property to nodes whose layout changed 
fixing whitespace in changelog . 
lps - 43643 add language keys 
changed method acquire ( ) to not append ( ) , to allow callers to decide 
updating frameworks / base / docs / html / shareables / latest_samples . zip to reflect current state of sample code as of 1d151678 . 
exclude incompatible test case 
lrqa - 14849 macros 
fixed flickering in the preview pane in refactoring preview 
sonar - 6372 fix example response of / api / authentication / validate 
updated parent pom to 0 . 1 . 3 
don ' t emit client event on failed write 
copy options before using it in subscribe ( ) 
update readme . md 
added more license files to the server jar 
more todo items 
default to roxygenize for build and reload 
enable caching for gradle dependencies 
slight update to graph class 
fix sf bug # 3479817 
switch to all arch . 
better helios - solo description in debian / control 
make all osgi imports optional . 
build layoutlib create tests as part of sdk build . 
multiple trees for drf ; rename tree . java dtree . java 
added bestander for notifications of travis ci status changes 
gdx - tests - android build target is 3 . 1 now 
the jar for talking to cloudera cdh3u5 
reduce delay prior to after quit session reload 
update maven - release - plugin to 2 . 5 ( fixes issue where release fails to tag properly ) 
mention breaking changes for rules api . 
add allowexists to thrift mkdir options 
add deprecated annotation to util . getsize 
add case for decimal128 to bsonbinaryreader # skipvalue 
fixed what fetch . js exports 
make submodule track master branch of origin of robospice samples 
updated to fml build # 73 
add new feature of fast rule evaluation in changes . txt 
upgrade to okhttp 2 . 6 . 0 
add a repository block to library only section . . . 
removed not needed files 
enforce interfacetypeparameternamecheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
update spongecommon 
new help icon 
lowered minsdkversion to 14 
ooops , really correct the spelling of pool now . 
fix deletionretentionstrategy # configurationclass ( ) 
lps - 17435 language file 
todo removed . 
re - add badge for travis ci 
fix yml 
fixed parent pom versions 5 - > 6 
made no arg constructor protected to enable unit test coverage . 
return true only for lp and jsonp 
lps - 55187 prepare for next version 
updated changelog 
fix ui exception 
add index / bulk_size attribute ( default is 100 ) . 
adding whack to messenger to allow for cleaner dom implementation of basic xmpp handling . 
mark java9integtest as integration test 
lps - 64031 rename for consistency 
linux binaries . 
removed switch - checkstyle rule as it does not always apply . 
update readme 
hide cancel button after a failed file transfer 
renamed variable systempropertiesprop to systemprojectprop in gradle . properties to match the idea of overridden properties and the given command line parameters . 
build 0 . 14 - stable on travis 
update parent pom 
add moe to changes 
update docs submodule 
fix a numeric equality bug spotted by intellij 
added mediator class diagram 
lps - 25439 - renaming persistent_dismissible_message . 
add jar file that should have been included in bcd4c8ee 
moving to different package 
updated changelog 
added screenshots 
set for release 
update spongecommon 
remove old jar 
disable verify in unit test build 
prepare version 22 . 0 . 2 . 
update readme . md 
update to correct clock skew 
minor updates in changes . md 
removing the xwalk_core_library reference so we can use this with mozillaview 
fixes # 1268 - bug causing the leftbuttonicon to not appear 
readme 0 . 3 
remove unused function arg 
fix changelog 
added stdinstream to antlr4 package 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 50228 
use common ' source package ' icon for folders under test roots in ' project structure ' dialog for consistency 
androidlarge . png is not dead ( used in androidmodulebuilder ) 
update diagram 
adding storm - 885 to changelog . md 
added maven build to travis 
add padding to short_message field 
jvmclassname . tostring 
travis - restore caching 
thirdeye - 537 create r client for use by new anomaly detection algorithm 
gh - 49 build fix ( sears ) 
revert " using latest reporting " 
zipped properties 
another flaky test . 
add icon mapping for network_type_iwlan 
add missing invalidation check to drawable cache 
fixing really bad issue with reparenting children via add_child ( ) 
run 
update version in gradle . properties 
revert gradle version to 1 . 6 to bypass oss build issue with gradle 1 . 11 . 
updated changes . txt 
updated changelog 
to jb dic 
fix readme 
readme 
fix for issue # 648 . 
lps - 56692 add setting sass . generate . source . map to build . properties 
fix gwt js compilation issue ( trailing comma ) 
add age restricted material to description 
use a different linker arg on windows sample 
fixed android backend . . . 
add missing used flag for write ( int ) . 
updated changelog 
lps - 18933 require intl module on liferay seed file 
remove junit as compile time dependency 
bump to 3 . 5 . 0 - snapshot 
added ryan as a maintainer since he has done a bunch of work . 
use gradle dynamic versioning for dnsjava 
removed osmand . xml 
update changelog 
lps - 54593 setup portlet . tck . url 
added screenshots 
to english dictionary 
upgrade to guava 14 . 0 
upgrade to google auto value 1 . 0 - rc2 
updated pom . xml for gmaven fixed # 341 
using string literals in any lombok annotation value would blow up that processor . 
add properties file for gsp plugin 
fix success flag emitted in router query metrics 
added sample apk 
added storm - 1924 to changelog . 
updating to gremlin 0 . 8 
when instantiating an account , set the default color to something 
to english dictionary 
run the api checks when building the manual . 
move over to jdk8 build 
copy the resolver configuration when cloning bootstrap 
removed android - support - v4 . jar from apklib 
lps - 65012 asset - categories - service semver 
user can now go back from the last step of the registration of a sip account when the installation fail . 
syslog_listen_address is now 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 by default 
use zxing core 3 . 0 . 1 . 
fix exclude for free builds 
add getchildcount ( ) to pshape reference 
added ca ' s to server . jks from cacerts included with sun jdk 
update jar 
version fixed 
fixed a typo in pom 
fixed the next release version to 0 . 10 . 1 
update joda to 2 . 8 . 2 
new natives from hudson . . . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 65 
update fabric to fix build issues 
upgrade to joda - time 2 . 8 . 1 
ensure empty array is returned on failure 
bump to version 3 . 4 . 0 - snapshot 
robustify defaultshader 
re - importing recommonmark 
allow null string input 
added a id to thumbnail + maincontent layout 
add style enum 
fix images 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 35 
updated build . gradle to buildtoolsversion " 21 . 1 . 1 " 
add psd for greendroid 
updated changelog 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 52606 
add the newline . 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc6 - snapshot ' . 
always push the version change 
move the preview image to the " no - dpi " folder . 
keeping a reference to the document in reader , to prevent gc . 
support gradle project property - pdisableassertions to explicitly disable all assertions on test runs 
upgrade android studio 
added framework / build to . 
add screenshot 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc6 ' . 
test commit for # 255 
prepare 1 . 1 . 0 - snapshot 
new icon for artifact 
revert site plugin update . 
add tests for concatenation of strings 
fixing a typo in the jira name 
updated linux binaries for attach to python process 
netty - 300 conform to jboss project version convention 
add runtests . sh 
add travis 
fixed proguard optimizing out a method that gtasks needs 
added android printplugin plugin 
fail on javac warnings ( # 563 ) 
lps - 51875 move the test as it is 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc5 - snapshot ' . 
bump version 
add back compile . extendsfrom provided 
test target 
rename project name to link bubble 
added assert to express expectations to static analysis tools 
added images for instructions on setting up a bigbluebutton vm 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 0 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
disable travis for the branch 
call refreshui directly 
added storm - 1074 to the changelog . 
updated todo 
added high res launcher icons for xhdpi and xxhdpi . 
hhh - 10484 - mysqldialect override dialect # isjdbclogwarningsenabledbydefault ( ) to return false 
remove " not used in production " warning 
delete outdated zip file 
create lib folder 
disabled travis ci email notifications 
onbeforeaction requires a this . next ( ) even if we ' re still waiting before rendering 
added todo . 
for now , hardcoded the version in the build . gradle . 
updated by idea 
updating version . txt top section 
support python conditional references in regexps 
less output in fastr 
improved method to select value programatically - now it also will call chart listener . 
readme 
fix lost p . __tochararray ( pathdata ) ; 
added ' tuples ' to python dictionary 
fix pgraphicsopengl . surface field not getting initialized 
change kit push response name 
removed extraneous android support jars from demo projects 
set permission of bazelrc to 0644 
filesystem . usenative disabled by default 
improve mergeability of metrics_constants . 
mangement 
no need to mention wep page changes here 
getfilename ( ) should return the provided filename instead of a constant one 
tweak proguard to keep line numbers 
added a ms tag to the debug time system out 
update es upstream to fix another flaky test 
removed unnecessary jar 
update progress 
use https to download gradle wrapper . 
explicitly setting apk output to wordpress - android 
test with " in script 
core module update 
add release notes 
lps - 62907 delete file not used anymore 
lps - 50739 - dependencies 
moved another class to web 
prepare version 18 - beta2 . 
update readme . md 
update jar 
added storm - 1273 to changelog 
no use_lib_copy at the momment . 
fixing npe in jetty - version - maven - plugin 
disable uploadarchives for the root project 
updated readme to reflect upcoming release 
add jsr305 as a transitive dep of sonar - plugin - api 
added missing " final " keyword 
update to latest android - iconics core v2 . 1 . 1 ( with android support library v23 . 1 . 1 ) 
fix tachyon - yarn script to respect tachyon master address 
update settings . gradle 
change renderscripttargetapi 
fixing build issue with test - continuation module . 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
removed defaultaction property and added index closure instead 
remove unused import . 
updated graphics 
updates contributors file 
notnull added 
updated jain - sip ri ( version with improved tcp support ) 
starting 0 . 5 . 3 - snapshot 
set version to " dev " on master . 
fixed proguard issues 
set output_to_bindir to 1 for libunix . dylib 
change version number to 1 . 10 . 3 
corrected width of tds in admin page and coloured installed and not installed 
cachesettingsdialog . 
travis ci implemented 
grails - 7082 - removed wrapper target 
lps - 4812 - removing jquery media plugin dependency 
add storm - 1888 to changelog 
executor class which runs gremlin scripts . 
missed this one yesterday , removed fixedfunc name from unshadedarray . j3md 
added for clojure . pprint api 
added scala wrapper project 
update to airbase 56 
display model keys in model list instead of algorithm . 
trivial change to make stop - server really work 
update ' modules / apps / marketplace / . 
new line at the end of the file 
lps - 39546 missing super call 
update pom . xml 
sonar - 4438 " more actions " drop list does not fit in the issue details modal window 
update segmentedcontroliosexample . js 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 1 
new entry / front - end 
add dist folder to . 
readme . md updates . 
add travis ci file 
update library reference . 
use window . console instead of tinyloglite if its available 
move playqueue ( ) outside condition 
set servlet - api to provided ( works on more servers than tomcat correctly then ) 
new version of lombok patcher 
fix i18n - unsafe api in aaptstep 
fixed location of natives 
now is not a snapshot . 
updated incr - value function to support indices and keys as arguments . 
journal - content - web packageinfo 
rename sample apk 
prepare for rc4 
tweak appveyor build . 
fix up author name to jun gong in changes . txt for yarn - 3469 
make messagecountermanager available 
move factory annotation to api 
add missing import 
polish http403forbiddenentrypoint whitespace 
remove trove sources 
snapshot 
update bigbluebutton - release 
add storm - 1745 to changelog . md 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / social / . 
append ' package ' command in makefile 
moved gbm pyunit to nopass until bug can be resolved 
travis configuration for x virtual framebuffer 
minecraftforge / fml @ 5a4d362293fe70e1421d1f22c4a195944731d6ba finish removing marker in mapping entry names . 
set plugin prefix 
update spongecommon 
don ' t include the coveralls key at all . 
version bump 
invite travis 
jetbrains . dic + " lookahead " 
change color of relocating shards in health page 
assign magic package topic ( closes # 106 ) 
removed noisy system . out . println ( ) from test . 
simplify setting . gradle . 
renamed directory ' gui ' to ' adapter ' 
update multiwords . txt 
fix rst . 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 24 - snapshot ' . 
travis ci - run with latest jdk8 ( closes # 364 ) 
lps - 8479 stringservletresponse should reset the inner writer 
downgrade cascading2 to wip - 176 ( was wip - 191 ) for compatibility . 
update news 
lps - 52944 - properties 
add more jms sample log output 
lps - 69544 disable opensocial - portlet for ci 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 46666 
add capture gif 
add a description file 
com . liferay . portal . upgrade - 2 . 4 . 0 cache 
update readme . md 
made file permissions on openfire dist dir more strict . 
recent files shortcut should work in terminal 
updated changelog 
updating version . txt top section 
add queryphonestate in ibluetoothheadsetphone 
fix a typo in isurfacetexture ipc code 
add jdk as a dependency for ubuntu 
landing a more - robust init . js file , with input from felipe gomes . 
exclude sample project from gradle build 
add jungtaek lim to be sponsor of storm - redis 
recommend python - yaml ( for yaml2jmxtrans . py ) 
make stress . py trigger python during import . 
added storm - 1059 to changelog 
prepare release checkstyle - 7 . 4 
use java 6 for the auto - builder 
application tag in library 
fixed monospaced to be monospace . 
upgrade to anonymous usage statistics 1 . 0 . 2 
print verbose test failure output when test failed ( # 1049 ) 
updated joda - time dependency 
lps - 45608 path / activities / rss should not require authentication 
add " not null " to owner column in acl schema . 
lowering log level for integration tests , silencing mongo driver . 
the protocol class will register the socket with the poller for another read event 
update gradle build tools to stable v1 . 5 . 0 
false is needed for new travis docker support 
make dayviewfacade not final 
removed unnecessary ' static ' declaration 
new studio 1 . 7 . 4 ready for release 
increase version to 1 . 1 . 1 - snapshot 
site - item - selector - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
require jquery - ui to bounce on histogram select 
update of transifex configuration 
update spongecommon 
add tostring for fields 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 24 - snapshot ' . 
delete demo2 . gif 
 ' 0 . 20 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
added a little more logging in omxcodec . cpp for vendors to be able to reproduce issues . . . 
toolbars are gone from debugger views , console and log can live with horizontal 
remove unused import in bufferutils 
changed versioncode 
bumping versioncode 207 for 4 . 5 . 1 release 
update changes after cassandra - 5357 
inverted pond normal map red channel to look correct with the lighting material 
add table title for @ transactional settings 
clear out the richpostcontent when creating or editing a post . 
remove jar files 
move introduction documenatation to new name 
bump bleeding to make a working build . 
added logo graphics 
lrqa - 19240 move stagingpublishtolivenow path to portlet / staging 
increments button counter on manual menu creation 
update recentchanges . md 
update spongecommon for more info during async calls to entitytracker . 
delete article . png 
add @ suppresswarnings ( " fallthrough " ) to method with intentional fallthrough 
populate resolution menu when it has rendered 
datepickerdialog title initially incorrect if calendar view shown . 
disabling spaces js plugin 
upgrade to reflections 0 . 9 . 10 
added missing changes entry related to context failure handling fix 
only show warnings and errors from maven - javadoc - plugin 
fix for rpm build errors , added _beta to src tar . gz filename . 
fix rctimageloader ' s priority 
fix assert 
prepare version 22 . 0 . 0 - beta4 . 
make internallistener static to avoid referencing speechrecognizer . 
fix test , forgot to add a line to shadowviewpager 
readme updates 
update for annotations and configuration mechanism checkin . 
grails - 9162 - set holders . servletcontext to null after tests have run 
lps - 25821 need to reindex user after being auto assigned to the newly created organization 
remove unnecessary spaces from docs / manual / dynamicform . 
added gradle wrapper jar 
compilesdkversion 21 
fix travis build 
todo cleanup 
test fixes - portal / controlpanel / sites 
upgraded to the latest / greatest irclib 
lps - 47161 add missing bundle version 
reinstate the site error handler . 
another test commit for the git mirror . . . 
whoops , still need to dismiss when launching an intent for in - app search 
fix handle ref in linux filemon 
don ' t load ast in tostring 
update news 
update web . md 
imgur hosted gif 
make versionname match the signed release git tag 
widen message list chip to better match message view . 
removed test that is failing 
reorganised lib directory in js . translator . 
update to latest library version 
ipv6 addresses in sdp are not supposed to have square brackets 
performance test exclusion in pom . xml 
remove unused worker - hook - field def 
move to tusk - 0 . 0 . 2 version 
fix maven build , since tomcat 6 . 0 . 35 is apparently not available for download 
final . 
reset to post - release snapshot version 
demo png 
npe when no element at caret fixed . 
create new xymarkerview ( # 2029 ) 
bump to 5 . 2 . 4 
updated codegen dependency to 0 . 3 . 0 
update spongecommon for chunkgc fix . 
add art image test 
fix variable shadowing in rcttext 
new ruby - gems with compass and sass - 3 . 1 . 7 
added crouton - lib - 1 . 1 
this is a 32 - bit only library , need to change the folder name 
update changelog 
alpha - 28 / 321 version bump 
make viewserver more quiet 
lps - 49907 modify social office testray properties 
fixed depends ( . 
forced chown in post to catch things owned as jive from before . 
change version in gradle . properties to actually bump version . 
update android gradle plug - in to 2 . 1 . 3 
lps - 37519 hide only control panel link icons 
add bukkit adapter for spigot 1 . 8r1 . 
removed fixed todo 
nonnls 
fix cross - building by adding back libiconv stuff . 
art 
bumped to v0 . 8 . 8 snapshot for dev . 
ensure api is built for java 1 . 7 language level . 
reduce size of buttons in top right of page headers . 
move hive test bson files to separate directories 
 ' properties ' plugin layout should respect ' pluginfilter ' ( fixes failed webstorm builds ) 
update dagger info in poms 
update readme . md 
update readme 
fix cd 
fixed general graph model api image to reflect changes to interfaces . 
version bumps 
lps - 44342 make class private 
fixed a bug in bbb - conf 
use upper case in sql migration 
update version number from 2 . 10 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 125 - snapshot 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc5 - snapshot ' . 
back to snapshot 
fixed lod functions overload in glslcompat lib 
just @ author added to javadoc 
exclude eclipse files if jdbc - pool has been opened in eclipse as a separate module 
dashboard 
update changelog . txt 
dialog should update status if apply is pressed 
rebuild api file 
snapshot 
 / / code . google . com / p / mybatis / issues / detail ? id = 15 fix 
use to tostring ( ) method of non json objects to output as a json string value 
rename " console folding " to " console " 
intro branches 
fix jacoco report directory for coveralls 
add scala version suffix to flink - cep module 
removed log output 
improved performance for ispresent for windows 
added autocommit = true 
first cut using lucene 
web - 17219 dart analysis server additional arguments 
lps - 47449 align heading for rtl 
use newest version in readme . md 
fix changelog 
gbm min_rows intermittent failure test removed 
better constructor fixes which now handles def , modifiers and just a bare constructor 
updating version . txt top section 
readme 
add applet that captures region or full screen 
update build target path in readme . md 
update spongecommon for ' changeblockevent . pre ' changes . 
push version to 14 - beta1 , 11258 . 
lps - 4464 apply panels to web form configuration 
removing the jre from svn 
version of gradle check 
removed old jar 
corrected filename mis - spelling for pyunit_deprecated_nopass_simplexglrm . 
 " devkit " 
travis testing 
update forge to 11 . 14 . 4 . 1563 
deleted obsolete cas 2 . 0 protocol spec word file . 
push version to 15 . 0 . 0 . 
lps - 55026 add @ deprecated 
bunp spec version 
change requirements for the examples to jdk 1 . 7 
adding node . js testing as well as the shell script 
fix grails - scripts eclipse integration 
return an empty meta object instead of none . 
lps - 68172 git - commit - plugins 
clicklistener , fixed over state on touch up . 
kafka - 2438 ; add maxparallelforks to build . gradle to speedup tests . 
removed dependency resources - > idea 
update readme . md 
drop unused lab drawable . 
firefox opens a new tab every time 
activated " testiteratingwithlist " test 
do not sign locale installed jars 
make travis ci use android - 23 
update spongecommon for infinite capture error 
changed dummyentity . hbm . xml file location 
have the final setvisibility cause a requestlayout . 
bump for travis build 
better type inference for return types 
updated emma version as suggested in pull request 
art v1 . 
update readme . md 
create contributing . md 
use git fetch - - unshallow so the revision count is correct 
ship only a sample properties file 
add 700 ( regular bus service ) route_type to 
add " enterprise " to the list of possible user plans . 
change the way - - flagfile is implemented . 
release the lock before running tests . 
add the renamed plugin to the rx example 
one more test for arraytypestyle . 
break long lines in inspector . 
added storm - 446 to changelog . 
build linux / i386 against older glibc ( 2 . 3 . 4 ) for compatibility 
fix controller not rotating 
polishes toolbar ' s border 
do not advance mlasteventtime when enabling or disabling user activity . 
added linux native libs for lwjgl 
isdirty ( ) added 
enable installing the rest - api - spec artifact 
correct language level in a highlighter 
update readme . md 
update gitter_guidelines . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 32 
remove static hooking of clipboard manager again 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 2 . 18 - snapshot ' . 
do not use the lastest tool on travis 
build . 
update asm in coverage 
fixed no - arg ( sorted - set ) 
added storm - 1352 to changelog . 
jmx is disabled by camel - guice component . 
wiki - engine - input - editor - common 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
fix this in es - parent for all plugins 
change ql / pom . 
prepare version 18 . 1 . 0 . 
update linux natives 
if null , check version . 
changed eclipse dir to the thing most likely to work . 
fix debug log for spellcheckersessionlistenerimpl # task_cancel 
added provided folder to server - wrapper 
update jar 
 / / issues . gradle . org / browse / gradle - 3052 
note about stubs to ast 
updated readme . 
updated xxhdpi mipmap icon to 144x144 
adding newline at end of file 
update readme . md 
graphicstype . angle 
make hadoop directory . 
removed some whitespace in docs . 
testing circle ci 
fix " m_lightpos redefined " shader compile error in postshadow . vert 
fix postgresql issue 
look in " tpc " ) 
fix wrong file name in generate_cluster_xml . 
new icon ( icns ) for macosx , which fits the new status icons . 
bump version 
added wiki images 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 128 - snapshot 
removing submodule menucomponent 
jitsi videobridge plugin - fixed of - 716 added missing jars for linux jna 
databasetype loaddriver now throws a sqlexception which makes more sense . 
json - simple to jettison conversion 
fixed indexoutofboundsexception in episodesfragment 
 / / bigbluebutton . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 429 af16638f - c34d - 0410 - 8cfa - b39d5352b314 
testing for bug 5122864 libwebcore related libraries increased by 3mb in ics vs hcmr2 
change build identifier to 1 . 5 . 0 - snapshot 
exported initial lib 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 44389 
upgraded parent declaration for apoc - examples to use examples - pom 2 . 
add travis cache 
update jar 
added bubblechart screenshot . 
update guiblueprintlibrary . java 
distelli file is introduced 
rename lapis pipe to lazuli pipe 
removed unnecessary import 
update readme . md 
images for installing under ubuntu 
regenerate compilekotlinagainstcustomjava testdata 
 / / github . com / nuvolabase / orientdb / issues / 1225 
lps - 10193 cast group_ . 
add functional include 
 ' 1 . 1 . 129 - snapshot ' . 
added a bazaar repository to the test 
changelog for 0 . 9 . 0alpha3 
add jar containing base64 class 
new gif for readme 
update status onresume ( ) 
updated changes . txt to indicate update of 
fix timeout value not having a default . 
call system . exit ( ) on " quit " so the process really stops 
fixed incorrect jar appendix 
add claims data for tableau demo to git . 
forgot a piece 
update contributors . md 
fastarray doesn ' t overwrite tostring ( ) method 
antlib . xml is missing from jars 
add throws notice for isplaying 
updated changelog 
update screenshot 
s / uninstallapkbeforeinstallingtodevice / undeployapkbeforedeploying / 
alpha - 13 / 274 version bump 
fix frameopstest stall_till_cloudsize ( ) . 
file rename to correct case . 
only depend on mockito core . 
include an example robots . txt 
set default shininess value to 1 for terrainlighting . j3md , it has to be this way to avoid an nvidia bug . 
fixed a lack of - dist jars . 
update docs . 
autocompletions in debugger 
updated changelog 
point to the correct downloads page . 
don ' t default on the stick to side 
lps - 38957 language property 
cluster reroute filter_metadata description 
add missed src jar 
jzlib was missing from required_for_dist 
prevent nowebref from coming back 
prepare for next development iteration 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc1 ' . 
do not merge - - copy on tapping outside of selected text in gmail 
update readme gradle dependency version 
fix ref to lucene . apache . org 
prepare version 19 . 
updated version in readme . 
gradle plugin version bump . 
restored formatting interfaces to provide same functionality as v0 . 95 . 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 19 - snapshot ' . 
release notes 
temporarily remove gfm input since it does not allow manual spacing . 
add dave yarwood to authors 
always invalidate textview on checkforrelayout 
new microba 0 . 4 . 4 . 3 , to fix idea - 59189 soe at sun . util . calendar . zoneinfo . getoffsets 
make msessioncallback null in tvview . unbindtvinput 
remove redundant import 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 9 
remove unused parser rule 
oops fix typo in travis jdk type 
need . 
testonly on a property without backing field 
guava 17 
added grails central plugin repo back in as a dependency repository . 
tfj - 291 twitterexception . getstatuscode ( ) returns - 1 when the account exceeds its rate limit 
added navmeshobstacle 
added class diagram for prototype 
make subcaption font 1 pixel smaller 
push version to 16 - beta3 , 15012 . 
moved switch menu item to three dots menu 
upgrade activity needs to be public 
fixed npe when setframetag ( ) is called before setapkfile ( ) . 
update news 
upgrade library version to 1 . 0 . 1 
upgrade to gradle 2 . 2 . 0 - beta2 to support android studio 2 . 2 beta 2 
project metadata serializable . 
added travis ci 
windows binary files for libsvm 2 . 9 release 
add storm - 1466 to changelog 
removed trailing whitespace in website / index . 
added storm - 1484 to changelog 
retroweave smack libs 
forgot to run the complete test set and i had changed a minor issue that cause a test to fail . 
log supervisor startup with id 
change to kaldi ' s output 
missing include of < functional > , breaks the build on rhel6 devtoolset - 2 
turn off griffon ast transformations when compiling idea 
update changelog 
slightly changed comment in release script 
updated to 4 . 0 - beta4 . 
make cassandraserver constructor public 
added screenshot of zoiper . 
use setshowsroothandles ( true ) as per # 1677 
restricting the scope of the jackson dependency . 
updated changelog 
fix missing then 
 ' 1 . 3 . 0 . rc3 - snapshot ' . 
fixing # 690 by adding a field name 
hdfs - 4685 . 
bump the version number to 2 . 0 . 6 
fix the for cycles so they do not require newlines in order to work 
adding small screenshots 
better dropdown button that doesn ' t look disabled 
b / 5076132 font drop from christian 
move to 1 . 1 . 1 - snapshot 
jps updated 
image # setalign should call invalidate . 
build against only oraclejdk8 until a better solution is found 
start rev 1 . 2 after merging new 
version bump 
updated version to 1 . 2 . 1 
fix quality flaw ( artifact id in pom . xml ) 
update jmesystem version number 
changed standard rrd_storage_path for development env as this may cause frequent problems with missing directories 
bump up the gradle revision to 1 . 1 
fix timezone for launchpad 
revert iiop schema rename 
create contributors . md 
updated project . proerties to build with latest sdk . 
lps - 39662 add @ override 
change editdistancejoiner . jar to newest version 
default to hwm of 0 due to problems with zmq 
remove unused line in official plugins test . 
when marking a message as read as we ' re opening it from the message 
new snapshot ( successfully analyzed 40 top python repos on github ) 
update spongecommon for worldgen tracking fix . 
update readme 
update readme . md 
lps - 29170 missing override 
lps - 39323 - updating alloy to 2 . 0 . x e9f2c1860bca4ffc66df90dc77ec24a2c7ceae64 
put accidentally deleted lf in place 
 correct 3 . 0 . 4 version number in changes log 
prepare api version 1 . 1 . 1 . 
add sample apk file 
add storemeta which is an empty class for now 
adding build and lib folder while ignoring their contents . 
upgrade to jmh 1 . 14 
lps - 61097 make layouttype property transient - we don ' t need to serialize this as it is being created on the fly 
fix the eclipse project name 
update appveyor . yml 
ready for release 
upgrated parent pom 
fix typo in rm 
 ' 0 . 7 . 9 - snapshot ' . 
a getter 
upgraded maven - jaxb2 - plugin from 0 . 8 . 1 to 0 . 8 . 3 
temporarily disable flow in tabbaritemios 
correct the indentation of helloworld . feature 
add implementation - version to all jar manifests - needed particularly for start . jar mechanism to determine what the current version is . 
include javacsv in the toolkit target . 
rename deeplearning test to have _large suffix 
dropbox - api jar deprecated 
tostring added 
added storm - 990 to changelog . md 
updated changelog 
move cassandra - template . 
parent updated to 21 
updated coverity scan branch to be develop 
entityhuman is a livingentity 
create zmnhnd . xml 
new image for dekstop sharing in release notes 
fielddata cat api added in 1 . 2 . 0 
groovy - dsl . 
change test to nopass 
fix order of property attributes 
fix project generator task dependency on creating measurement plugin jar 
update bower . json 
add right - pad to custom dictionary list 
upgrade jackson jar 
fixed lost background color for icon in login view 
rebase to android 2 . 2 
update crate - theme to 0 . 0 . 10 to get rid of the pil dependency 
update to android gradle plugin 1 . 2 . 2 . 
adding our new math geek , irene 
adding @ suppresswarnings to avoid warning in java 7 
tck correction , depending on the sequence of the tests , the converter turns out to be null at certain times . 
refactored item_avenger to item_character 
make processing show up under " programming " in gnome etc 
update slaves 
leave the number of output buffers up to surface flinger and friends . 
lps - 39331 a concurrent close is possible , we need final to ensure thread safe publication here . 
add style to fragment_movie_poster 
no need for a 3s timeout . 
wrong version number 
update contributors . md 
fixed too - old minsdkversion 
db comments 
pagination in showrange actions was broken 
don ' t hold console on a hard reference until the project is closed 
move notebook to nopass . 
update readme . md 
add downloads section to readme 
fixing tests on maven 
release r1 . 0 . 0 - rc0 
disable parallel build on travis - unstable tests 
update spongecommon for onblockadded fix . 
downgraded jcommander version from 1 . 48 to 1 . 47 because 1 . 48 requires jdk 7 
update changelog with recent commits 
lps - 64031 update the ' git - commit - portal - ee ' git id 
compile on jdk 6 , 7 , and 8 
allow security rule for advanced ssl configutation 
fix nit on length of flag constant . 
travis updated 
update to okhttp 1 . 5 . 4 
rename gtfsrealtimezmqtripupdatesource . java to gtfsrealtimefiletripupdatesource . java 
release notes 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . trash . service , increment version 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 11 - snapshot ' . 
update todo 
jetbrains . dic + " akka " 
updated changelog 
parallel integ tests should reuse the binaries . 
probably fix javadoc encoding issue 
improved start . ini 
main function in kmeans class to run on a dataset 
updated gremlin . bat to point to gremlin - groovy . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 23 
stop rotating the refresh icon if there is an error in stats . 
svnkit . jar built with jdk 1 . 5 
reenable daylight saving test , now that we use joda - time 2 
update spongecommon for randomblockpopulator crash fix . 
fix background color in size ( ) 
add note about use of ant 
lps - 22407 add - multiple - file - entries needs to be localised 
put the footer flush on the bottom . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / login / . 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 3 . 
keep action bar window list in sync after creating window from windowlist activity 
specify - noprecompile for faster devmode startup 
remove jdbc authentication tests from to - do list . 
make lineagefilesystem final 
track removal of a class . 
update gradle example to latest version 
fix copyright year in notice . txt . 
update changelog . md 
rename readme to readme . md to force its parcing 
made the stirling engine accept only fuel - type items 
annotated by safevarargs . 
added storm - 1922 to changelog . 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc9 ' . 
update to jmh 1 . 17 . 3 
rubydebuggerproxy can both emulate catchpoint removal and use support provided by ruby - debug - ide 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 61 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / message - boards / . 
update spongecommon ref . 
no @ override for inteface methods with 1 . 5 . 
copied os x icns file into osx . app build per bug id 1308 # 9 
prepare version 23 . 0 . 1 . 
higher res logo png 
recycle properly 
lps - 61556 move css files 
don ' t run clean on release ( work - around for stalled clean compile ) 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 47827 
null if not adjusted ( idea - 150120 ) 
updated changelog 
clear searchview query field when collapsed as an action view 
make the inclusion strategy for deps generation public , 
update readme . md 
change proguard rule to show xprivacy 
allow people to use only issue numbers without ' hive - ' prefix 
update gradle wrapper 
mask out the non public bits , not the public ones . 
update test to android - apt 1 . 8 
maven - jar - plugin version bump ( # 3281 ) 
update spongecommon for compile fixes . 
remove version . properties from ' sources ' jar 
only use jdk8 in travis 
testing circle ci 
resolve releases from / libs - releases 
removed com . eclipsesource . json from import - packages 
added a gremlin system architecture diagram . 
zeppelin - 852 fixed the fields float outside the box . 
yahoo logo icons moved to the resources package 
new images 
correct the test data 
example floorplan 
ready for release 
whoops , forgot to mention the c # port , i thought it was present in v1 . 2 . 
removed dependency on mediadriver 
lps - 63220 deploy to modules 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 11 
updated changelog 
scroll to specified line when open a file permalink 
undoing a change 
mention oss samples . 
fix from gant source 
development version is still snapshot 
update changelog 
updated fake - dom to include xmlhttprequest . 
don ' t set idea languagelevel in idea explicitly 
travis and testing 
 / / b / issue ? id = 2096107 ( cosmetic issue for menus in wvga ) 
use java_home to locate jconsole executable . 
update styles . css 
noclassdeffounderror in jooqutil . isjpaavailable ( ) 
change the title of webinterface . md . 
empty list textview displayed wrong text 
push version to 11243 . 
use the default junit version . 
replace high - scale - lib . jar from maven central 
included javaimport in applicationcontroller . 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 52547 
shopping - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
removed mockito 1 . 9 . 5 for incompatibility with current powermock 
remove outdated ( and wholly unnecessary in this case ) readme for wordcount examples 
lps - 48141 - dependencies 
proguard obfuscation is back 
use secondary color for display3 text . 
update readme . md 
added storm - 1681 to changelog 
exclude the hpacktests submodule . 
exclude some files from packaging to avoid duplicates in final apk 
make view pager to use android level 14 
lps - 61748 cache bnd 3 . 1 
sonar - 5718 small ui fix 
fix networkrequeststatussingleroute uri matcher 
lrqa - 21048 add testcase property 
metadata . cpp and metadata . java had drifted out of sync . 
new symlink values - in - > values - id ( indonesian language code ) 
rename platformmbeanmessages step 1 
upgrade to version 1 . 7 . 10 
pass version onto sub - project . 
rebuilds the windows x86 binary of the portaudio support from its latest source / r7982 . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 103 - snapshot 
fix chown / var / run error 
update gradle plugin 
update readme . md 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 136 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
missed an # include for le android . 
set version to 4 . 5 for release ( hopefully ) 
bump the version in version . java 
add two functions to svm . def 
remove unused jar 
remove un - needed task update logic 
doc title clarity 
and sdk min and target to library 
lps - 33429 enable filter check on journal article search results 
fix scope for scalatest dependency 
v5 . 0 . 0 . fastadapter . b13 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
add concept gif for readme 
export travis result 
add storm - 2056 to changelog 
add junit for unit tests . 
higher res wp . org and wp . com logos , fixes # 417 
more fixing of regtest params . 
add gradle . properties to shut of idl checking 
depend on the correct java version 
update example for finding percolator where query terms couldn ' t be extracted successfully 
updated changelog . 
lps - 57534 now all drivers are jdbc4 ready and setupwizard no longer does hot swap , this property can be taken out by default . 
update license 
just to trigger cc 
update alloy to 0e1b0a ; lps - 43249 
lps - 56341 rename tld ? 
fix auto - broken import . 
upgraded parent version . 
lps - 49575 update the spring development libraries too 
update version number in conf . py 
fixed location of camerafocussquare files 
lps - 33648 - remove the constraining width from autocomplete suggestions popup 
upgrade to gradle 2 final 
remove the onitemclick listener when the fragment is destroyed . 
added private constructor . 
lps - 59665 update distribution zip to gradle 2 . 8 
updated copyright . 
force explicit instantiation of singleton < > objects 
update readme . md 
lps - 26355 unnecessary throws 
upgrade to guava 12 . 0 . 1 
adds " is " to nullobject , to avoid problems with null . is ( null ) 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / wiki / . 
upgrade to site - maven - plugin v0 . 9 
update travis . yml components . 
lps - 13212 image gallery portlet data handler " publish to live by default " is disabled when doclib " publish to live by default " is disabled 
change favicon 
update fml to 117 
update idea 128x128 win icons 
remove over - aggressive stack movement . 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - rc2 - snapshot 
changelog has been updated 
remove unused import . 
update travis config 
updated copyright . 
lrqa - 24055 for 7 . 0 + use latest - 2 . 0 . txt of patching tool 
update cglib dependency in poms . 
server overlay config file 
documented turn off log for api 
updated build . gradle for maven 
use correct variable name for hash retrieval 
update effect suppressor on listener remove 
fix desktop deployment exe creation on macosx / intel 
added logos 
update readme . md 
removed unnecessary runjar . bat file from project root 
resourcesets added via a context . xml file need a default internalpath 
lps - 65920 ( web ) move css files 
updated cursorurl example to use loadimage ( ) 
updated support library 
await for close of the channels . 
lps - 69043 remove empty readme 
add a 192x192 xxxhdpi icon ( scaled down from 512x512 ) 
bump package . json version to 0 . 4 . 4 
update jdbc - drivers . 
added storm - 1864 to changelog . 
fix failing test 
added github # 254 
fixed unretained iosclass singleton cache . 
fix typo in readme 
try jdk8 on travis ci with a revised timeout ( 35 mins this time ) 
add lazy 
enable rouge for syntax highlighting 
delete values - tr 
updated changelog 
 ' 1 . 1 . 132 - snapshot ' . 
stream resolver not required here - there will be one in the provided context . 
use a better name 
title " ide plugin " changed . 
adding deprecated annotation to loadercontext class 
disable surefire report 
fix position of stream output control buttons 
reset killedbyam flag at attachapplicationlocked 
updates maven assembly plugin version 
remove hangover printstacktrace from closing udpchanneltransports . 
ensuring id2 follows id1 
modified example 
lps - 26191 front port just the change from class to interface 
update readme . md 
add solr chapter to docs toc 
update tree ui to avoid problems with cached background ( basictreeui sets bg to trees ) 
hhh - 8605 supportstuplesinsubqueries false in sqlserver / sybase 
update to flow 0 . 2 . 26 
flag icons for new languages . 
on index failure when updating , make sure to call the listener 
next development version 
updated to latest uribeacon 
lower unresolved imports to warning , because of false positives . 
changelog for 0 . 8 . 9beta2 
removed a system . out 
fix path to javadoc style sheet . 
add 32 - bit linux version of launch4j 
lps - 58439 add return value to checkallbox util method 
group equals ( ideadev - 37059 ) 
fixed a compile error . 
removing timeunit from api and replace with duration 
removing nullable as property is set in creator to non null value . 
update to latest ` fastadapter ` v1 . 4 . 0 
fix rating circle going backwards sometimes 
readme updated 
update readme . md 
don ' t pull in external / junit through mockito 
forgot to add the new config property to the template 
temporarily remove cli . js 
updated changelog 
replace the jdbcfeeder with jdbcimporter 
create for bash 
modify git address 
dist - src is not needed as github creates the tarball / zip itself automatically 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 146 
update readme 
remove - dcassandra from the command line that bin / cassandra generates patch by gdusbabek ; reviewed by goffinet for cassandra - 601 
fix version - > 0 . 8 
beta - 3 version bump 
placeholder for gradle build experiments . 
added setup task that clears the test template before running exists_ * tests 
debug should usually be set to true 
hosting update for artifactory 
fix default settings to have the correct setting to disable multicast 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - beta2 
update readme 
add screenshot 
update server / src / main / java / com / orientechnologies / orient / server / network / protocol / onetworkprotocoldata . 
adding doclet - exclude jar 
add new similarity word2vec test 
set back release properties 
update news 
hdfs - 2316 . 
fix configuration of buildnumber - maven - plugin 
changed maps version to 9_r2 because 9_r1 is no longer available . 
fixing my bad in deploy scripts 
replace readystate prop of document with htmldocument in externs 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 32 - snapshot ' . 
cleanup working directory on succesful runs of the backup stress test 
fix typo in reference docs 
close result set in count method . 
code indexing fails if there are any errors iterating over the project directories 
maven central removed from xabber build . gradle . 
update gettingstarted . md 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon 
update to 6 . 14 . 1 - snapshot 
renamed log to log 
revert changes to retryqueryrunnerconfig 
updated contributors file 
upgrade to commons - fileupload 1 . 2 
upgrade to jadconfig 0 . 11 . 0 
replace path separator characters 
updated to type system image for documentation . 
snappy added 
version bump to 1 . 7 . 0 - alpha to start new development cycle 
standardize android aac - enc project on android - 14 api target , just like our other projects . 
fix bug , ios 10 crash if not set camera usage description 
fix kafka - server - start . 
ensure ripple mask gets updated in public constructor 
lps - 17816 mark fetch method as read only 
majorversion = 2 . 27 
add storm - 1496 to changelog . md 
updated gradle release plugin dependency to 0 . 1 
rebuilds the jni ffmpeg library on linux to match the mac os x one committed in r8712 . 
clean up w32 build w / r / t unused references 
going to publish a new release 0 . 1 . 5 
persistence - api 1 . 0 . 2 
push version to 16 - beta1 , 15010 . 
remove lualatex ( divergent error reporting behavior , typically requires more custom invocation ) 
minecraftforge / fml @ 3f21a2c1b413e591f61f2906c3adbadd9c5b09e3 stupid spaces and windows escaping - . 
use 3 . 0 rc2 version of robolectric . 
jps bootstrap build libs updated 
removed unneeded println 
release notes 
rename shell script 
upgrade to asset pipeline 3 . 1 . 3 
configure travis notification email 
refs # 304 fixed crash if background and second scale is used together 
incrementing the revision number to 4125 so it matches that in bbb - conf 
rename to make hdfs uppercase . 
upgrade maven - surefire - plugin . 
update to gcloud 0 . 0 . 8 
t - changes gleedtiles . txt atlas filter to be nearest 
remove outdated todo 
add smali submodule 
add sbt cached resolution to build " 
updated changelog 
replaced old icons with new multi - size icon 
prevents cli app from taking focus ( osx ) - jcase 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
kotlin_lib_ecma5 . 
fix extra - abs gradle build 
adds packageprefixes . java to the translator makefile . 
lps - 27654 - adding translation in web content in control panel on ie8 breaks 
create a source jar from all modules , in the root project . 
invoke connection . close method to close es connection 
added changelog 
bump to version 5 . 3 - rc - 1 
fix # 115 do not call addbagitem ( ) from housekeeping thread if minimumidle is 0 . 
revert " add cancel to switch clause in toggleimitator . " 
camel - 4141 . 
uiviewcontrollerbasedstatusbarappearance = no in sampleapp 
added storm - 572 to changelog 
x509trustmanager ' s getacceptedissuers ( ) method should return " a non - null ( possibly empty ) array of acceptable ca issuer certificates " . 
travis updated to build jar with gradle . 
include generated grammars in source zip for debugging purposes 
only test for travis 
rc - 1 / 182 version bump 
enable es7 async functions in jest 
update to de_de localization . 
update readme . md 
add _functools to known_fake_reexporters ( py - 3164 ) 
added author . 
set maxlength of post editor content field to a really high value to fix text from getting cut off on certain devices . 
renamed quadtreetest 
allowed failing for mongoreplset . 
testdata fixed 
build stable branches 
screen 
dummy commit on signedjartest to see whether beetlejuice has badly checked out the file or something ? 
longer paragraph title will wrap to new line and interfere with code below 
made baseloader public 
send circleci notifications to gitter 
updating yajsw 
copy the solid color when mutating a gradient drawable . 
create readme . md 
revert jsoup so we can change the uppercase " j " to lowercase 
disable regex test for a while 
move the close button to an overflow / menu 
 eventbysql scheduler test is disabeld . 
adding a shell script to easily run a check of the manual , meaning a partial build to check if things seem ok . 
upgraded parent declaration in all trunks to use version 1 of parent - central . 
updated elasticsearch upstream to fix flaky tests 
stop any playing media when closing inappbrowser 
improved ignite script 
removed velocity html reporter . 
travis builds seem to occasionally fail with a timeout installing the apk . 
rebuilt dart . jar . 
update changes . txt 
added a little padding to table cells to improve look and readablity 
activates microphone sensibility modification via windows coreaudio ( 64bits version only for vista / 7 / 8 ) . 
include required g + + - multilib 
breakpoint dialog tree view selection cosmetics . 
updated text layout padding to be in - line with non - materialpreference layouts for xlarge screens . 
register subtypes for reducer 
update changelog . txt 
changed readme 
update demo 
upgrade to mongodb 2 . 6 . 1 
update version 
moved localclusteringcoefficientjob to its correct location 
make translucentconversionlistener a systemapi 
add website to blacklist 
updated jleveldb library ( more stable ) 
zookeeper - 190 . 
modified pom 
upgraded parent declaration for apoc - examples to use examples - pom 2 . 
ctrl + click 
configuration not needed any more . 
templatize the definition of array in externs 
unparcel textinputlayout error using char_sequence_creator 
update to a better version of jackson - mapper - asl 
enable cpp check style in travis ci ( # 542 ) 
update hazelcast plugin 
minecraftforge / fml @ 1de89525cc2265bdce8704d9bd0d31c57bca4d97 fixed issue with instalation when java / javac commands had quotes . 
 / / yusuke . homeipdotnet / svn / twitter4j / trunk @ 23 117b7e0d - 5933 - 0410 - 9d29 - ab41bb01d86b 
hhh - 5880 needs to use classifier " tests " not " test " 
update pom . xml 
update readme . md 
travis 
fix licence . xml - javassist groupid to org . javassist 
add / target / to . 
update readme . md 
regenerate racingbike icon in 48x48 px like all others 
add cassandra - rackdc . 
update authors 
update readme . md 
add build status indicator 
add a default xlarge wallpaper . 
allow decomposedmatrix style property to go to native view 
make sure tests are executed before jarjar 
remove unused import . 
r / m redundant delete ( ) . 
fix cancel button label in the account registration form . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / flags / . 
delete gradle . properties 
of - 728 remove bundled jre from source tree ( finally ) , set a build . properties entry for 
fixed readme spelling 
distinct icon for rollback 
fix before template 
remove $ id keyword from all remaining files in tomcat / * * 
set version name to 1 . 2 . 0 
update uiexplorer textexample test snapshot 
minor build version fix in spicelist . 
fix travis 
updated components definition for travis ci since the example app now requires new sdk and build tools . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 118 - snapshot ' . 
added gif 
add runtime 
move pojo pyunit to nopass pubdev - 2282 
add package . html . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 16 - snapshot 
add out to . 
added manifest . in needed for building pypi package . 
don ' t reload loadview 
update library reference 
small cron expression enhancement 
update es / upstream to include unicastzenping change 
update gradle . properties 
fix derby debian pkg 
prepare version 25 . 0 . 2 . 
add volatile to routingstrategy . 
minor update to logo image 
turn on drag ghosting 
update app . scss 
placeholder mdpi assets 
new gifs 
add readme to h2o_hadoop . 
use gradle 1 . 11 . 
forgot to bump versioncode 
updated version in docs to use 1 . 5 . 0 
put join verb back . 
upgrade to mockito 2 . 0 . 40 - beta 
updated changelog . txt . 
add flipviewpager 
re - adding doc submodule 
add log when pool is shutdown . 
update readme . md 
remove unused plugin . 
update version to . 95 
upgraded svnkit to 1 . 2 . 0 so that releaseplugin . groovy works with svn 1 . 5 working copies . 
fixed logger declaration 
lps - 31473 move file from journal to ddm 
import clarity 
update readme . md 
survivorratio option 
fix for failing test 
move to elasticsearch 0 . 19 . 0 dep 
 / / travis - ci . org 
made config parameter " sdk " not @ required , so that standalone goals can be run from commandline . 
nullify jettyserver on stop ( ) so that shared test base - classes with @ beforeclass dropwizardapprules can start new jetty servers 
rename back to correct file name and case 
update changes . md 
update location module 
grails - 6733 - removed a redundant call to notify observers of an artefact change during change processing ( the notification is made again later ) . 
remove name attribute 
return an empty string if email is null . 
update configuration part on running - alluxio - on - ec2 - yarn 
add _collections to list of known reexporters ( py - 283 ) 
remove pdf . 
null buffer check 
set false back . 
add newline to end of rules file . 
grails - 6872 provide a doctype for the default sitemesh layout , to prevent pages from being rendered in quirks mode 
fix for generating correct config files 
added a file that we can use for dummy commits . 
default tab title 
add deprecation reason to propertynode # setclosuresharedvariable 
fix dexguard project for event 
triggering a native physics build 
stop the session 
 ' 1 . 56 . 40 - snapshot ' . 
fixed gradle build source version 
ensureing signing only occurs upon release 
update query_dsl . 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 46562 
minecraftforge / fml @ 3714426e19f8f0edaaeda8c787993f8f3615a44d fix derp in example builscript 
update to airbase 19 
include " ruby / util . 
fix warning with maven 3 
lps - 67772 pmd 
updated changelog 
first asmack update 
update keywords . txt for next release , fix for # 3751 
add library reference to wordpress - rest - android while notifications under development 
upgrade to msgpack 0 . 6 . 11 
 / / github . com / antlr / antlr4 / pull / 880 " 
cache extra for on demand choice 
update weexcore so 0 . 5 . 3 . 6 
added storm - 1244 to changelog 
moves off legacy travis containers 
add testtextimporter class to the makefile 
renamed a method for better readability 
update readme . md 
 \ n " ) ; 
upgreade to aspectj 1 . 8 . 6 to fix java8 build issue 
 ' 1 . 1 . 146 - snapshot ' . 
updating the extension implementation to show better message 
index file to list flows 
disable warning triggered in clang r271374 
updgrade to the latest version of flow ( 0 . 4 . 47 ) 
add a simple travis configuration 
update readme . md 
added current book changing event 
minor nexus 10 fix in device art generator 
added digitalstrom resources 
next development version 
added storm - 1210 to changelog 
use fields 2 . 1 . 1 
fix the readme to use gradle 
add missing public on constructor . 
set hints_directory in cassandra_pig . 
new drawables for the pending update to the maps api . 
update authors . mit 
adding missing break statement in videocallprovider . 
yet another readme update 
update gradle - remove actionsherlock 
update readme . md 
update gradle build tools to 2 . 0 . 0 - beta4 
update w32 jar and universal jar ( defer toolkit load ) 
fix build break with missing vdbg . 
lps - 64991 delete old sdk zip 
added storm - 1516 to changelog . 
latest release is 1 . 8 . 3 
fixed support for array types in the ast 
 ' 1 . 1 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
remove silly throws decl 
updated gradle build tools version 
removed android . debug . jnitest from preloaded - classes 
removed public modifier from getsessioncontroller ( ) method on providermanager . 
changelog for the client builders pagination fix . 
update greendroid dependency with utf - 8 fix . 
add multinode suite . 
jboss parent 16 
delete demo . apk 
android 2 . 2 changed to 2 . 1 
is not the current 
moved graphics 
supporting branch name env . 
update to latest android - iconics core v2 . 5 . 0 
disable uploadarchives for streaming and hadoop 1 . 0 
prepare release otto - 1 . 1 . 0 
fix apk name 
lps - 55754 wrong jar name 
make objectid serializable java - 109 
don ' t set the application title in the library 
lowered the maven requirement version a little 
add explanation on adding dependencies of maven - release - plugin 
add maven deps to travis cache for faster builds 
doc the change 
moving stun sources from openfire codebase to plugin . 
lps - 51439 move mdrtestutil from portal - test to portal - impl / test / integration , in order to remove layouttestutil usage from portal - test 
fix mongodb test 
 / / b / 2086471 ( list view headers too dark in mdpi ) . 
fixed arrayseq . count 
 ' 0 . 14 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
updated todo 
fixes for mongodb ( nono ) 
removed chapter on adapters 
added the reduce function to the manual 
can ' t have two rules building the stubs and public . xml ! 
add application plugin 
fix xcodeproj typo in init . sh 
version bump 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 26 - snapshot ' . 
added a name for dw - forms . 
change the default compilation database format to clang . 
minecraftforge / fml @ 5d6dc5dce37e488188d6fc468c16e8a6183a3610 fix up other exit points . 
update clover library 
updated readme 
partial fix for remove tag version from all javadocs , # 718 
remove @ override from interface method impl 
upgraded to gant 0 . 2 . 2 
changes . txt 
upgrade to netty 4 . 0 . 18 . 
prepare release storm - hbase - 0 . 1 . 2 
snapshot 
fix open source build error on rctlocationobserver 
upgrade to javax . ws . rs - api 2 . 0 . 1 
update droidsansfallback typeface + preserve legacy version 
fix a bug in controlleractivitycounter 
add reply . writenoexception ( ) for quick response 
added storm - 1537 to changelog . 
better font - width for top nav # ux 
print newline when exiting cli via ctrl - d 
update jar file . 
updated gradle 
minor readme update 
fix xml 
reverted pom changes back to 8d838a5f4623f4ebfff257878ff763038c432b5e 
add rnvideoeventend constant 
astrid tests depends on api project 
remove jdk6 from travis options for our java 7 supported branches 
update solaris / x86 natives 
i believe it ' s more robust for background operations to have a connection block just lock foreground retryloops 
block focus from traversing into toolbar . 
next dev version 
lps - 25788 top links are broken in ie7 
update styles . css 
create readme . md 
trigger native build 
work on # 208 , categorized factory method in beginner difficulty tag 
removed unused notification sound . 
minor changes . txt fixup 
apply proper quoting to crash arguments 
created index on auth_ids ( user_id , deleted_at ) 
lps - 4668 - mb emoticons need better z - index 
update gradle plugin 
update bolts . java 
add travis config . 
fix intentpickersheetview example wrong syntax 
accidently left an ' s ' in the code , woops 
updated readme with new snippet 
updates minify enabled true for release builds . 
removed unused import 
bumped parent - pom - > 7 - rc5 
adds to a previous fix which was aiming to allow handling of unsupported media types . 
show longer database trace 
add check style to travis . yml 
add licenses / no_deps . txt to plugins / jvm - example to quiet the license checker 
removed dev import . 
updated todo 
update changelog . md 
added skip clause for regexp feature 
fixed data matrix image , the other one had a ' demo ' string inserted in it . 
fixed bug in edit action of generated controller that was leaving out reference the domain class instance in returned model eg . 
putting tests in correct location 
disable distsrc and distdoc from " dist " task until indy bug is fixed 
update to latest android - iconics core 
use the main worldedit version for sponge 
revert to gradle 1 . 3 
improve reliability of myaccountpagetest 
fixing hoe warnings 
set pageloadnottriggered in onloadfinished as well . 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
fix travis 
updating version . txt top section 
lps - 22278 remove unneeded dlfileentry table join for dlfolderfinder . countfs_byg_f_s 
hhh - 6980 upgrade to infinispan 5 . 1 . 0 . 
update version number in readme 
untracked files now affect get_dirty_buck_version 
removed the icon from the library project 
handling windows line end # 816 , fixes # 449 
filterconfig pools are now cleaned on destroy . 
jetty - 1308 327109 ( re ) fixed ajp handling of empty packets 
added getnotificationuri to comply with api level 19 
and more coremod logging 
fix servlet module dependencies 
version bump 
revert change to test / cassandra . 
fix applymatrix method call to the right args 
lps - 54682 forgot to clear _filternames 
respect firstattempt flag in session launch recovery 
version_info 
package info file 
set ` malloc_arena_max ` to use less memory on travis 
update travis build to use latest jdk 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / directory / . 
start counting from 0 for api level 15 version . 
prohibit wrong words 
updated doc 
make sure to send the final exit rule event in parserinterpreter 
lps - 60005 make sure template is always hidden 
update version to 1 . 4 . 2 
update readme . md 
wip8 
bump version number 
itfreader . cpp was throwing wrong exception 
terrorist version bump 
do not request focus for about command 
comment failing test out 
changelog for 0 . 9 . 0alpha1 
update readme . md 
added todo 
disable maven plugin related reports 
updated qzxing location 
revise the bug in matlab interface . 
change readme 
reset focuswatcher . mytopcomponent to null 
fixed deserialization problem in datepicker . 
project view - - always shows plus is true by default 
fix for 20 . 0 . 0 build tools bug 
update airline to 0 . 5 
now removed connect - js submodule 
added upgrades . txt to index of installation - deployment chapter 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 133 
ignoring intellij idea files 
update changes 
1 . 3 . 0 - rc1 - snapshot 
add guava library to git 
lps - 51250 language keys 
push version to 186 and 9 - beta5 . 
update readme . md 
updating assets 
added jdk 7 back into the travis config 
make @ hide actually hide 
confluence highlighter with error / warning / unresolved supported 
upgrade eclipselink antlr ( 2 . 3 . 2 - > 2 . 5 . 0 ) 
update library reference 
activate java 8 profile as intended in travis install phase 
added my email to emailmap . properties file 
fix nullpointerexception in appletest 
improve graphhopper . sh script if web module depends e . g . also on reader - overlay - data 
lps - 57402 remove unused portlet key from portal 
s / dbkg / dpkg / 
fixed polyfill for backandroid 
updated reference to android - library with improved tests 
update equalsverifier to 1 . 7 . 3 . 
updated screenshots for mancenter 
remove yaml and jsp tabs from " other languages " 
lrqa - 17086 set jvm encoding to utf - 8 
update the changelog 
test fixes - sosites - dependencies 
prepare version 28 - beta1 . 
final modifier 
autoload commonscompress because of suspicious crash reports 
test fix after idea update 
target android 17 
added the architecture diagram 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 99 
use xcode 8 on the travis macos builds , because we need swift 3 . 
smack - 459 make it user proof by returning an unmodifiable set again 
don ' t record jbosh version if bosh is not build 
lps - 52289 bump the version 
updated log4j - core to 2 . 4 
modified travis ci build to prefer ipv4 . 
removing minunlabphrasesupportforpat option from example . properties 
fix build - remove relative import path 
modify makefile 
do not call webtextview . requestfocus if webview is not focused . 
update readme . md 
updated notice 
fix the function signature for webglcontextevent 
update release - notes . 
move inner enums out into separate files 
don ' t generate compiled bytecode files for skeleton generator in the application directory ( py - 15907 ) 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
does not look like argline in pig / pom . 
added storm - 1106 to changelog 
revised global environment icon 
update gif 
fixes # 308848 ( update test suite to junit4 - module jetty - ajp ) . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 63 - snapshot 
doc whitespace rule 
update for gradle version 
updated to use vertx - codegen 
make stylesheet not hide alert condition forms per default . 
bump version to 1 . 1 . 0 
update breaking - changes . 
prepare release astyanax - 1 . 0 . 1 - snapshot 
use 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 instead of localhost for auth stuff . 
change groupid to com . github . ptgoetz 
remove useless todo . 
increase sample project android version dependency 
mahout - 1480 clean up website on 20 newsgroups 
stripedexecutor should interrupt worker threads during shutdown . 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 6 . 0 
move the xxxhdpi version of the stats info icon to the right place . 
amend changelog for 13 - beta4 . 
indegree plot . 
add property to intellij gradle plugin to not override build - verions supported on plugin . xml file 
trigger travis build 
added release notes and doc update for the 0 . 7 . 0 release . 
declare the distribution zips as inputs to the integ test task of the distributions project . 
last rev of exe 
lps - 30588 add tounescapedmodel to repositorymodel 
lps - 46224 makes more clear when we are filtering by a version 
httpentitystub . consumecontent ( ) can be a no - op . 
adding mavenlocal ( ) for local resolution 
snapshot 
added storm - 1418 to changelog 
snapshot 
shell interpretor neo4j 
update readme . md 
delete old test_framework . 
lps - 58421 automatically exclude all the build . gradle files inside the eclipse " bin " directory 
fix memory leak in write_file_contents ( ) ( libpam ) 
todo fix 
rename cielchevaluator . java to cielchevaluator . java 
moves stray java test class from top level project into pig module 
add precondition to throw more informative exception when calling request ( ) before start ( ) has been called . 
add changelog to track high level changes of each release 
lps - 62253 move to web 
changelog for 0 . 8 . 8 
update spongecommon for block tracking fix . 
updated api . services . png image to reflect new api structure 
removed now - redundant png version of zxing - 512 
bumps commons - pool2 version to latest 
link against libc + + 
use eclipse - wtp instead of eclipse in java projects 
reformatcodeaction . update fixed 
change podspec version to 2 . 0 . 0 . 3 
add storm - 1032 to changelog . md 
fixed bug with library handling of build sources . 
remove spurious @ override . 
add sources . jar as part of the build artifacts . 
asmack jar built at ac88fee3622c 
document - library - demo - data - creator - api 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
marked class as abstract 
viewpager was not repositioning the pagertitlestrip properly 
add files via upload 
updated link to owncloud library 
common file changes 
lps - 48412 ; lps - 48444 - updating alloy 3 . 0 . 0pr1 to ee820a7a6ff41ec9e7ec3e8f42e6c03f4a0dc62a 
upgrade netflixoss nebula plugin to 3 . 2 . 2 
fixed typo of migration example code . 
do not merge remove banner from manifest . 
come back to 0 . 4 . 0 - snapshot 
update rules 
update readme . md 
switched to new parent - central pom , which changes the maven site skin 
add razorrepository to factory 
use proper naming convention for boolean methods . 
update changelog for storm - 211 
add the oss into underfs module and an empty implements 
lrdocs - 2594 removed unused style images . 
perform travis builds with java8 
update version to 1 . 7 . 0 - snapshot . 
update swipedismisstouchlistener . java 
fix jsr223 module build 
updated changes 
fix update gradle to 1 . 3 . 0 
remove stray e . printstacktrace ( ) 
moved orphaned groovy script 
fatal errors now kill processing 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 61 
fix swapped diff panels in update - during - push info tab 
properly cleanup remaning clients after test is completed . 
lrqa - 28280 add ' modules integration ' to testray component names 
delete device - 2016 - 04 - 23 - 205955 . 
renamed bouncy castle library and upgraded it to rev141 and jdk1 . 5 
test timeout 
update gradle section in readme . md 
adding more docs to security to improve closes gh - 50 and gh - 46 
upgrade to equalsverifier 2 . 1 . 3 
increment snapshot version from 3 . 3 = > 4 . 0 
removes coveralls source ( fixed in cobertura 
use the path for the maven - built jar now that we are recommending using maven to build above 
pom fix 
removed bold font style 
disable jsx - closing - bracket - location eslint rule 
final release 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 0 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
import annotations into core 
update spongecommon 
lps - 16378 adds min - width to directory sections 
update spongecommon 
lps - 56081 prep next version 
typo , removed sys accidently a couple days back 
upgrade gson to newer possibly faster version 
update to mysql - connector - java 5 . 1 . 35 
tweaked build to use same jdk version in gradle and idea 
uninitializedreadcollector . expressionassignsvariable ) 
not getting gl context on reshape . 
bsonbinarywriter . context now protected 
registry option for appcode debugger dynamic types simulation 
readme test 
act - 401 added cxf module to the checkmule profile 
update dependency to be on agrona 0 . 3 - 
add a probable typo 
lps - 54757 keep searching if a model hints config points to a non - existent file 
added survival and splines r dependencies ( per amy ) 
newline at end of file 
disable pointer debug logging . 
add - - abbrev - ref to get the right branch name of head 
hive ms restart failed during eu with ora - 00922 error as part of db schema upgrade ( hari subramaniyan , reviewed by sushanth sowmyan ) 
updated support library and build tools 
upgrade rxnetty version to 0 . 3 . 13 
add storm - 1111 to changelog . md 
set the padding on the content of the sliding activity to zero if you disable the header . 
update procrun to 2 . 0 . 6 
fix purgedao for mysql 
create readme . md 
update spongecommon for entity teleport fix . 
updated gradle dependency version 
add asmundak to the owners . 
readme fix 
black & white and transparent envelope icon for macosx 
re - generated keystore from java 1 . 4 ( to allow easy import into java 1 . 4 cacerts ) 
syncproducer connect may return failed connection on reconnect ; patched by jun rao ; reviewed by neha narkhede ; kafka - 226 
commented build time only jars . 
update readme . md 
update maven - eclipse - plugin to 2 . 9 , issue # 644 
dynamic - data - mapping - validator 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
incremented version properties 
lps - 60569 update distribution zip to gradle 2 . 9 
setparent when using setcomplete ( future ) . 
version 1 . 0 . 0 . 
made smoothtosamples public as well 
docs doesn ' t need ssh anymore 
fix package 
make utils constructor private . 
remove unused mysql driver 
lps - 30417 forgot import 
push version to 12 - beta8 , 228 . 
don ' t re - throw exception in onthrowable 
add demo apk 
swap the chess king and queen glyphs in droid sans fallback . 
updated readme to specify that maven 3 is required . 
jre 7 u60 added to redist 
basename 
remove references to sched_policy . 
remove too verbose comment about jar_jvm_opts being array 
lps - 41940 downloading a file with a long title will cause text to overflow in the recent downloads portlet 
credit fakhri626 for indonesian update 
bumped version so that it ' s easier to test javadoc publication . 
bump build tools version 
works on ics 
updated copyright year . 
update graylog2 . conf 
changes update 
add jgoodies looks to pycharm dist 
readme fix 
increase timeout from 600 to 1200 to see if it will pass . 
easy to style preview 
test on openjdk6 
update to 7 . 0 - snapshot 
or gradle . . . 
make widget action buttons easier to push 
update clover 
update changes log 
update readme . md 
latest robolectric . 
cast a vote . 
reseting a project . properties file 
lps - 48566 initialize index after deletion 
lps - 15899 rename hindi translation file 
update jar 
removed allow backup attribute on manifest 
fix versions . txt 
readme updates 
add storm - 1228 to changelog 
use origin for desktop rpath 
prepare release for version 0 . 1 
minecraftforge / fml @ 5785a9c9e8d76b91a03ed1f9791aeee1cb7ea00b fix up multiple injections of cmdline files via versionspecificmoddir . 
upgraded jackson to 2 . 6 . 1 
on the off - chance anyone is referencing the plugin only require the library . 
lps - 54552 avoid duplication of breadcrumb now that it is a portlet 
prepare version 19 - beta1 . 
add buttons to mouse events . 
tachyon - stop . 
bump required packrat version 
lps - 16558 add missing files 
license 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 25 
 ' 0 . 4 . 46 - snapshot ' . 
updated parent pom version to match recommendations . 
 / / forums . activiti . org / content / japanese - properties - activiti - explorer 
upate testname to make the ' name ' field volatile . 
add blocked device property . 
updated reference build of antlr 
remove nouse module 
lps - 50752 let ' s keep this at 1 for now 
add notes about jdi 
made class final ( optimization hint ) 
update jar 
run provider in separate process 
add extra - android - m2repository dependency in travis 
don ' t over - validate email address . 
closes # 3720 , added apple extensions to lwjgl3 backend libs folder for ant build 
added epub - native - ics branch 
upgrade views plugins 
add dynamic change maxactive support 
bit fsnotifier for linux is broken ; temporary dropped 
tune max_imageview_load to 5 . 
make bluetoothmanagercallback oneway to prevent waiting on response 
updated changelog 
use hardware acceleration on sample app . 
increase version to 1 . 0 . 0 
new version of javasvn with 1 . 4 . 0 wc format support . 
travis update 
update spongecommon for destructentityevent cause improvements . 
removed purge - on - auth behaviour 
bump to 1 . 1 . 1 - snapshot 
set node_env and use node - env - inline plugin 
add img file ( renamed ) . 
updated parent pom 
bumping commit of submodule 
change fml module to read - only connection . 
support for editorconfig 
don ' t publish spock - maven for now 
add encoding alias for libxml2 
fix double - free problem in emojifactory . 
lps - 2284 broken links for the blogsaggregator portlet when blog is scoped to a page 
change version num and year for the release of libsvm 3 . 15 
need to add jackson jaxb annotations module to let xml outputter work 
force encoding json response as utf - 8 
updated timeline to handle fetchack message type . 
lps - 63180 requires dynamic import 
adding todo for system overview diagram 
sonar - 4237 remove the orange background on references 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 150 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
docs theme version update 
use 2 . 2 . 0 - alpha1 
update travis . yml 
updated library reference 
remove quantcastandroidsdk . jar 
lrqa - 29213 mark as a ce test environment 
travis testing 
updated changelog 
additem to add 
update readme . markdown 
correct tostring ( ) for partial changelists ( ideadev - 29497 ) 
edit credits 
update readme . md 
create readme . text 
readme 
change version to 0 . 10 . 0 - snapshot 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 87 - snapshot 
filelist implements iarraylike < ! file > 
fixed a minor issue in particlesystem . reset ( ) . 
remove python client 
fix problem where event name isn ' t extracted from redis properly 
version + 1 
dnn - asr . 
config - converter properly handles snitches and framed support . 
add location to app proptypes 
added todo 
use ifcontentscrolls in the windowshade 
lps - 4249 clear controls before calling search 
update documentation on hibernate resource method example 
removed grailscentral ( ) from buildconfig . groovy as it doesn ' t work in grails 1 . 2 
fix always defaulting to diskcacheadapter 
testing visiblity of a commit message 
add helper function to add lines to bazelrc from integration tests . 
change indexprimaryshardnotallocatedexception from 409 ( reststatus . conflict ) to 500 ( reststatus . internal_server_error ) 
this should fix the simulator build . 
add retina icon for terminal view . 
update jar 
update readme . md 
fixed a problem with running the new ' cibuild ' task . 
fix osgi version used in core 
update presto - maven - plugin to 0 . 1 . 12 
adding intellij idea files 
make sure we show the custom navigation . 
sonar - 3972 increase space between top - menu entries 
mv to corenlp 
don ' t call onattach twice on v4 fragments 
seconds are 1000 milliseconds long . 
file consumer should use exception handler to handle all component specific exceptions . 
play command has become the activator command 
avoid creating ' getclass ' for properties called ' class ' 
update screen 
don ' t cleanup in shellbolt die 
version bump for gradle . properties file 
call str method for tensorflow objects 
switch on classycle and strict compile for plugin development project . 
beta - 2 - versioncode 152 
snapshot 
fix tap detection after a long press 
make checkstyle fail build by default 
set sudo to false to make travis - ci run faster 
sonar - 4970 add some space between admin page description and page content 
not sure why iterator got removed 
respect " move / copy destination folders " setting in choosefolder 
version date 
bump cascading version to wip - 215 
update readme . md 
increase apk install timeout on travis 
updated changelog 
updated url of install doc 
fix usage of addall 
accept licenses 
linux64 versions of executables 
fixed typographical error , changed adminstrative to administrative in readme . 
fix bug in http2 settings parsing 
version 
add mkeller to acknowledgements for gh - 187 
update surfacescene . java 
push the webview ' s renderpriority from normal to high - it ' s cargo - cult 
market screens and logo for gdx - remote 
update ec2 - discovery submodule 
update changelog . 
fixed inclusion of icons in bundle 
commit test to see if bj notices cvs changes 
lrdocs - 2179 remove call to former target javadoc - all 
upgrade to jcommander 1 . 47 
update readme . md 
update version 
update guava to 10 . 0 . 1 
update readme . md 
remove checked in # define subversion 
minecraftforge / fml @ 585d3a91e15213da20fb1669b81cc6563ab4e780 if a packet is not handled by the channel , log it , and clear it . 
bumped version to fix build . 
fixed readme . 
incremented version properties 
 ' firefox ' , ' junit ' , ' preprocessors ' , ' teamcity ' words added 
logging refactoring ( remove commons logging from libs and use bundle from eclipse ) 
added hadoop store builder ' s lib to server class path . 
upgrade aether to 0 . 9 . 1 
preview 
correct cameraserver uid 
try to find java path . 
update release notes for 2 . 3 . 0 
lps - 7438 - button - row is missing some top margin or spacing in classic theme 
added readme 
new debian release for 3 . 0 
move demo to pass . 
build with gradle 2 . 10 - rc - 1 . 
prepare version 23 . 1 . 1 . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 51 
update the list of tasks 
fixing broken unit test 
added oraclejdk7 , openjdk6 , and openjdk7 to travis ci configuration . 
making sure the generated log file isn ' t saved to the repo 
delete alexander . xml 
change renderers library pom . xml 
update screenshots 
upgrade to netty - build v6 
added xcode 4 phonegap framework note in the ios readme 
remove an unused import . 
adding todo for system overview diagram 
update version 
update readme . md 
removed lucene - core depedency version , it ' s managed in parent pom 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 78 
forgotten test file . 
reindex isn ' t a plugin 
add to profile activation that tools dependency should only be declared up to jdk 8 
change pyunit to pass pubdev - 2199 
moving changelog wikipage to asciidoc 
remove text options when longpressing off a textfield . 
add docs directory to . 
upgrade to gradle 1 . 9 
interval formatting supported . 
update submodule 
cleanup website on hidden markov models 
motoya japanese fonts 
remove pax examples from release - keep getting errors 
lps - 42389 rename mobile_device_rules_rule_group_instances . 
 / / editorconfig . org / 
update minimum sdk for library 
update readme . md 
updating gradle . properties for version bump 
 / / docs . travis - ci . com / user / languages / android ) 
replace image for layout practice session 4 
readme fix 
add optional tags to frameworks / base ext . 
lps - 44452 cover all update resource cases 
combine2_win . 
changed maxrecordstoreentries default to 100k 
fix command used to invoke coveralls , issue # 806 
netd event code for interface class acitivity . 
make the " openmanual " task build the manual before opening it . 
update changes 
grails - 5830 - close the application context at the end of integration tests . 
mark smoothie as a library project 
include test file accidentally omitted by previous commit 
move data to data directory . 
memory leak without freeing feature_max and _min 
updates the sc logo in the top msi banner . 
add a . 
bumped minidns to new version 
fix bug with our groovydoc task that was hidden by dynamic properties . 
add queeing videos as an future feature 
randomized testing version bump 
travis . yml update 
very simple script to build and run tests . 
removedunused import 
update news . 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 11 - snapshot ' . 
fix jdbc - jc to work with tomcat gradle plugin 
bump version to 1 . 0 . 6 
added book reference to singleton enum implementation . 
reset animation speed to 250 ( 2500 was for local testing and was accidentally committed ) 
updated kneeling logo . 
changed cname file for test 
javadoc comments should behave as simple java comments 
keypressinvalid_48k . 
show objects of class date correctly in the environment pane 
catch noclassdeffounderror too 
add println to jetbrains . dic ( idea - 115852 ) 
finished collection / list separation 
initial readme 
update changelog 
adding travis config file - additionally it is needed to activate travis on this github repo 
ooops . . . forgot a conflict in . 
update mfillpaint color on gradientdrawable inflation 
migration to adoptopenjdk 
lps - 12050 portletclassloaderutil should release reference to portletclassloader after portalclassloaderservletcontextlistener context destory 
location module update 
groovy - 4440 fix apple ' s l & f detection when running jdk6 + 
rename dl mnist checkpoint test to * large . r 
add corey downing to pairs 
added repositories to rockerhieu / mvn - repo 
changelog for 3 . 3 . 3 
lps - 38423 remove from cache when deleting 
revert " lps - 47665 rename view . jsp to documents . jsp ( no logic changes ) " 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 32 
removing j2objc - framework dependency 
 ' 0 . 2 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
update spongecommon for player death fix . 
increment version to 3 . 2 . 0 . build - snapshot 
require android 23 for travis 
assert that selector is not null upon creation 
password - policies - admin - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
update readme . md 
added lib needed by ipv6 dns fix contribution from vincent lucas 
find room error message added 
fix hazelcast osgi import - package statement 
updated servlet jar to latest version 
build_all should bundle install for jruby . 
increase requirejs ' s timeout to 60 secs ( for ipads ) 
add jar . 
fix package 
added taglib template 
bump year in notice . 
version 6 . 0 . 1 . 
add mike to the authors file . 
images for installing under ubuntu 
add compression . none 
upgraded to quickfix 1 . 5 . 0 
try travis build 
add package summary for javadoc . 
new files for showing capabilities of ner 
adding home 
tell travis to stop emailing us . 
check for null canvas 
kill subprocess when shellspout . die ( ) called 
mime types pdf support 
fix broken trust agent reloading v2 
fix js error stacktraces on android 
return % errorlevel % in nodetool . bat 
replaces the opus libraries with ones linked against a lower version of glibc ( so that they run on debian , for example ) 
changed thrown exception in javadoc in ' fileinstreamintegrationtest ' 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / petra / . 
next development version 
required_for_dist for ce source base 
new mode images and sizes from casey 
fix runtime dependencies for tooling api int tests 
equalsverifier upgrade to 2 . 1 . 8 
location module update 
added storm - 239 to changelog 
add jmh configuration to idea . 
built the latest snapshot 
make message inner exception class static , for efficiency . 
updating package name 
fix sf bug # 3543914 
update src / main / groovy / inspect / swingui / tablesorter . 
add steam output to . 
updated gradle plugin with com . android . library instead of android - library 
increase reservedcodecachesize to default value ( 240mb on jdk 8 ) 
removes conflicts state in debian control file . 
added storm - 1108 to changelog 
update readme . md 
fix travis config 
add relative link to contributing file . 
update location module 
adding back to fix case sensitiviy filename issue 
update spongecommon 
example fix 
adds travis ci 
update readme . md 
oops , bumping version to the next version 
lps - 64979 add ibm packages to framework ' s system packages 
remove sleep 3600 . 
apparently some of the default disabled optimizations are only there for donut 
set a viewport 
update to latest fastadapter v0 . 9 . 3 
remove obsolete file 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - security / . 
added postgresql icons 
adding mainclassname after getting rid of ratpack . groovy 
enable parallel gradle execution by default 
use primary text color on light theme search bar text . 
update macosx bullet natives 
switched to new parent - central pom , which changes the maven site skin 
 ' 0 . 18 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
update readme . md 
prepare library for development 
upgrade wrapper to gradle 2 . 2 . 1 . 
next development version 
a date has been added 
update readme . md 
revert " do not cache node_modules in travis " 
update to 1 . 0 . 2 - snapshot ( # 18 ) 
upgrade to netty 3 . 9 . 4 . 
jars for icefaces 1 . 6 - dr # 5 so that util - jsf will compile 
checking in release notes 
updated readme to include extra step for webapps 
don ' t attempt to tessellate edges if edge count = = 0 . 
in the spirit of the soon - to - be new year 2014 ? 
roles to become unmodifiableset 
update readme . md 
temporary disable install core deps 
update jar 
sample changes missing from previous commit ( signing plugin docs ) 
travis fix 
pluginservices instance should be volatile for double checked locking 
if there is a layoutprototype the urls are added when the layout prototype is applied . 
alpha - 16 / 282 version bump 
strip out jacoco version from pom to use the one defined in parent 
rc - 4 / 231 version bump 
forgot to push jar file 
changelog updated 
date in changelog 
take out the test which is failing on large dataset 
mention android on the project description , for clarity 
the basic server skeleton is in place ( albeit a very rudimentary skeleton ) . 
missing file 
moved to transform dir 
v1 . 0 . 7 ( rtl and builder support ) . 
proguard 5 . 2 
remove references to the callback project 
bump version post - publish 
set oss parent to 9 
fixed integration test for query returning name of emtpy result 
new splash screen 
operators on vectors 
convert bytes to hex for bytestype . getstring ( ) 
restored projectname property to support backwards compatibility with plugins etc . 
built r library for h2o and updated docs 
update readme . md 
remove unused build / empty file ( # 681 ) 
updated to 2 . 5 schema version . 
lps - 66316 ( web ) move js file 
add a meta - inf / services file specifying jimfsfilesystemprovider as a service provider . 
minor readme fix . 
fix package issue with chinese hcoref demo 
add " retarget " to english 
one more time , improve rendering of login form with many oauth providers 
clear child fragment manager after it is destroyed . 
build script fix 
move cursor to the end of a word after correction popup alternates selection 
document 
prepare version 29 - beta1 . 
remove obsolete sbt - idea plugin 
lps - 45872 change test method name 
reserve window . i so it will not be used in the compiled js binary . 
remove client softlink 
remove rethrowing of exceptions at shutdown 
undo a change 
act - 66 added getdeploymentid and getstartformresourcekey to processdefinition 
adding scala api into h2o - app . 
don ' t suggest java class names in text fields with autocompletion ( idea - 117213 ) 
update readme 
upgrade to jdbi 2 . 62 
adding ooo libs 
updates travis config to install google private maven repo . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 48 
added intellij files to . 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0 - rc2 
write project_version to target directory . 
update releasing - antlr . 
use group name as unique id . 
added sudo for brew cask install java . 
don ' t clear out actionbar instance in ondestroy ( ) 
don ' t compare string8s to null . 
lps - 51038 rename main to a scss file 
fixed readme ' s controller implementation 
lps - 46132 add a line breaek since it ' s params1 vs . params2 
update spongecommon for build fix . 
need to set indexprimitive for messagehandler to be picked up 
update readme . md 
clj - 1724 - reuse call to seq ( ) in lazyseq / hashcode for else case 
update readme . md 
fix build scan performance tests . 
updated changelog 
fix travis build 
disable javadoc lints ( missing @ return , . . . ) 
release pegasus 8 . 0 . 0 
fixed scope issue 
exclude slf4j - log4j12 dependency from kafka to avoid logging error 
lrqa - 18719 add new property ' community . app . acceptance ' 
added empty build . gradle and use java 6 for travis 
update changelog . md 
lps - 7061 forgot remove duplicated base . js 
fix 64 bit long pointer size for media scanning 
feature is completed ( tested ) , do not need the registry key anymore 
catch errors for unknown object types . 
zookeeper - 349 . 
netty updated to latest 
fix landscape layout of lockscreen on devices with a keyboard 
turn on code completion 
update travis settings 
updating the artifact id in the readme as it has changed to match our other projects 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 18 
added camel - zipfile docs to gitbook 
update readme . md 
remove import 
test travis build 
updated android build tools 
readme 
adds libxml condition to test_dotted_version in test_document_encoding . 
this belongs to r711934 . 
updated httpclient 
update readme . md 
enabled detailed build 
forgot to commit usermodel with cookie field 
startinwriteaction - > false 
update spongecommon 
try to merge the common source into the javadoc of the generated jar 
suppress unchecked warning for read ( ) method 
delete old file 
right version number for yota branches 
update travis build tools 
majorversion 2 . 25 
psd version of the logo 
up maxpermsize settings in test build config 
owncloud app linked to owncloud - android - library in its new location as submodule 
travis yml fix 
show how to have a sequence file in java 
add storm - 1245 to changeling 
travis ci licenses 
readme todo 
fixed crash in synchronization of kept - in - sync files triggered by browsing 
make metricsregistry # getmetrics ( ) return an unmodifiable map 
fix test - dependencies 
update person . java 
up minsdk to 9 ( required by latest google play services ) . 
changed api level of the example project . 
updated derby to 10 . 12 . 1 . 1 
increase size of output so a test client has a chance of triggering some buffering in the ajp processor 
updated todo 
lps - 11560 asset publisher displays comments by default 
todo changes 
corrected path to icu data on ios ( / usr / icu - > / usr / share / icu ) . 
lps - 65693 this is not a markdown file 
minecraftforge / fml @ 43e3ee1af1cab54db238dab4994076fdbe68bc6a swap listenerlist constructor around . 
update readme . md 
add a test to verify that hit . equals ( object ) works 
update truth dependency to 0 . 26 . 
gh - 31 - modified travis ci to run checkstyle and findbugs is separate steps 
removed unused annotations from java . g 
minor help text spelling changes . 
using the lates version of the android support lib 
hack to let appveyor cache maven repo 
when exiting stop the system output interceptor 
update dictionary 
changes . txt 
add dslcontext . fetchfromcsv ( boolean ) to allow for fetching header - less csv data 
added rgba4444 
simple core - edge role procedure 
com . liferay . content . util 1 . 0 . 1 cache 
changed travis file to test compilation with ci env and multiple jdk 
fix blocking thread while waiting if done or nothing tobe read 
removed pointer to docs directory from readme as it is not yet existant . 
add - f to rm for hadoop tmpdir 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
update " bho " submodule with new github location 
change to version 1 . 5 . 0 and drop rc . 
lps - 61271 wrong patch file name , sorry . 
start __main__ 
add stub subway icon ( just using one of the rail ones for now ; should design a new one at some point ) 
lps - 36534 fix jsp compile error 
version 1 . 2 . 0 - rc - 2 
push to version 15017 . 
attempt to fix travis build ( 2 ) 
rc - 3 / 217 version bump 
updating readme in prep for 0 . 3 release 
fixed build tools version 
port fix for bz 36155 from the jk connector 
add custom fab 
move add - user module to the correct location 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 6 
fix volatile missing 
updates changelog for v1 . 1 . 0 releaes 
use the app context to avoid a memory leak . 
upgrade to airbase 10 
removing invalid utf 8 setting from pom . xml 
increase the resolution of polling for daemon state changes . 
update readme . md 
remove reference to seal , was removed in # 11336 
test for py - 2209 
update openbsd - x86 natives 
fixed flow error about require platform forked component 
lps - 24529 kernel ' s documentconversionutil using com . liferay . portal . kernel . util . file instead of java . io . file 
no animated scrolling in usages preview ( idea - 154342 ) 
lrqa - 28056 enable functional smoke tests to auto - close pull requests 
 ' 0 . 14 . 11 - snapshot ' . 
add circle . yml 
added storm - 87 to changelog 
need to create bin dir in build . xml for users not on eclipse . 
removed redundant file 
switched to spongycastle from gp - bcc for crypto 
lps - 53630 those properties are for language tag 
user - groups - admin - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
added serviceloader spec for udcextensionimpl 
switching to container - based infrastructure for travis builds . 
updates changes with the new params for font generation 
prepare for next release 
add a potentially useful comment 
update readme . md 
fixed android support library for cropper . 
updated changelog 
better readme 
add change log . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 117 - snapshot ' . 
fixed integ test dependencies 
removed reference 
 ' rxjava - 0 . 8 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
return the child jvm exit code to the parent process to handle the error conditions ( kanna karanam via ashutosh chauhan ) 
clearscrollrequest should set a type parameter 
update readme . md 
added maven plugin to build . gradle 
deleted bin dir 
bump to 3 . 4 . 0 - beta1 
fixed readme 
add ssl_certs to apparmor abstractions 
prepare for next release 
add generated index . html and npm debug log to . 
removing application of plugin java in h2o - algos . 
fixed a bug with notes de - linkifying 
improve rule 
get and persist interests on server launch 
update jar 
change mode to + x 
fix version in readme 
changed packaging to jar since there are problems with bundle ( classes being in other 
added travis ci configuration . 
add example for ' add docstring support to def ' 
lps - 58572 fix build . gradle after rebase 
update readme . md 
remove todo 
update spongecommon for client and snapshot restore fixes . 
added readme 
events . js should be included on liferay utility scripts - javascript . barebone . files 
version 0 . 9 . 11 
nullable 
remove unused art 
lps - 55974 disable show portlet id by default 
update new version sample apk 
update version . 
change default project target to android - 19 in project . properties 
removing tools / jsshellhelper . 
add art assets 
changelog update for storeconfig improvement . 
add @ suppresswarnings ( " unused " ) to parsefrom where it ' s intentional . 
tracking changes for later release notes 
lps - 9272 image not found in creole when attaching a document to a wiki page 
set dbcycleused in config for upgrade qa 
added further icon and logo 
bump grpc to version 0 . 9 . 0 
update to build tools 21 . 1 . 2 . 
updated todo 
wip3 
lps - 47293 it ' s a wab , not a wba 
filesystemcompiler # generatefilenamesfromoptions is adding filenames multiple times 
add null check in header view to prevent npe . 
dutch support 
remove todo in telecommanager . 
update changelog 
add ptr - demo - debug . 
update to new wrapper version 
rxjava 1 . 1 . 6 . 
staging - taglib 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
fix param for metrics consumers 
dont checking state before set partition to message 
add changelog entry for # 1646 
ideadev - 32036 map the help topic to settings | template data languages 
dashboard update 
whitespace at the end of cmake globals 
check for null 
updated authors . md . 
note the moved publish location in news 
lrqa - 14381 properties 
added skippngcrush to the robovm . xml generator 
inputstream in md2 parser 
added the pr number for the snapshot interface in the changelog 
new fr translation 
downgrade min sdk version of sample app 
release notes 
added storm - 586 to changelog . 
update changelog 
move xmlvalidator from test to src , as grails has problems getting dependencies from test 
enabled pretty code style in gwt 
bump cqlsh ' s default_cqlver to 3 . 1 . 6 
removed " = = true " in boolean conditional . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 62 
updating version . txt top section 
lps - 51081 prep next version 
moving log4j as a separate bundle 
lps - 47091 move resetdatabaseutil . java 
don ' t abort on lint errors 
fixing server build 
add icon greenhouse and phone 
added all the documentation images to the repository . 
bump up the version to 5 . 0 . 18 
move nopass runit to pass 
added parser test for tic 574 
make oredictionary . initvanillaentries ( ) private so that dumb modders will stop calling it . 
travis ci infrastructure migration to container - based model 
new tests added , testdata revised 
documentation error in jersey 
rake task to run tests with aggressive garbage collection 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 6 
add # 1551 to changes 
read me update 
upgrade shadow plugin 
add storm - 341 to changelog 
extra mock functionality for new unit tests . 
lep - 4808 - auto extend session setting does not work 
remove stray import . 
quick spec file fix for build errors 
added new template documentation to the migrations doc 
updates debian standards version . 
bump version number . 
increase maxpermsize to 256m 
removed unnecessary tag 
upgrade from gradle 1 . 1 to 1 . 3 to support needed scala features 
add image for listview and custom listitem 
lps - 1244 apply servicecontext pattern to polls 
added storm - 1485 to changelog 
added storm - 960 to changelog . 
fix authors 
change email in master pom 
sonar - 2327 rotate the icon status / open . 
fix reamde . md 
replace image for layout practice session 2 
change analytics tennant key 
fixes jehna / verbalexpressions # 27 
updated changelog 
fixed the index bug in penntreereader . java 
missing @ nullable annotation added 
new icons from julia 
updated changelog 
new jar signed with cert that expires on oct 30 , 2017 
prepare travis - ci for sonar 
there ' s only one christian schwarz 
fix fc if you try to set an item by identfier without the identifier 
set launchmode of audioplayeractivity to " singletop " 
lps - 19213 actions button added to document library list display style 
update compound splitter to version 3 . 3 
lps - 49651 - adding portal . url to the list of available properties for testcases 
fixed reference error in pom of sample app 
release date in changelog 
add sdk manager plugin link to readme 
update readme . md 
openal and jinput natives for lwjgl , until those features are needed . 
include shrink - index . 
sonar - 3626 fix test for windows 
handle logical - > json 
changed icon for authentication type scripts . 
com . jetbrains . plugins . ini4idea added for the list of checked plugins 
switch npn from optional to provided . 
lps - 14486 i generally only use validator . isnull for strings 
autocapitalize title in new blog screen 
forgot the new icon ! 
do not autoreload quick values by default 
huge thanks to @ tobykurien ! 
add padding to selected table / partition 
update readme . md 
try to fix msn icon problem . 
update spongecommon 
don ' t clear error output buffer on console prompt 
eventlet monkey patching breaks debugger ( py - 18929 ) 
switch frameworks / base / libs / androidfw to the new icu . 
changed defaults when creating new room . 
update ie_dom . 
updated readme for 0 . 6 . 7 . 2 
removed emails from the travis file 
update build . gradle add x86 armeabli - v7a 
remove errant system . exit from stress so it can reuse keyspaces . 
lps - 65546 baseline update for shopping - service 
add a allstate smalldata boolean - response only 
update build . gradle 
adds gson and gsonconverter for retrofit 
update spongecommon for projectile and respawnplayer fix 
added relative path to the parent pom so that the user won ' t need to 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0 - rc2b 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 79 - snapshot 
pegging a new commit 
single on release in the release profile 
change package 
make addpropertydirect ( ) non - final so that subclass can override . 
fix eclipse package declaration error in inputpackagedeclaration 
scope for directory 
update support jar 
lps - 58392 not needed , because " downloadsrc " writes inside builddir , which will be cleaned by default 
update spongecommon for destructentityevent cause improvements . 
lps - 69244 move css file 
updated samples . 
changed version number for release 
sync to ace master 
beta - 3 version bump 
free metadata on close for csf 
drop the keyspace if it already exists 
forgot to check in this file . 
test moved to runit_gbm_ecology . 
add sample apk 
update news 
set project version to 6 . 1 . 1 - snapshot . 
add travis ci 
fix leak in groovy introduce tests 
run database reinit only when running tests 
cleanup output from maven during travis build by using quiet mode 
bump up api commit 
fix url for mcp 
set intellij idea languagelevel to 1 . 6 for grails 2 . 4 . 
python error with certain packages 
need to make sure configbase exists . 
lps - 7727 - top links navigation wrong alignment 
multiple colors gutter 
removed non - functional history tree provider 
update readme . md 
lps - 54815 lib 
lps - 67352 add check ' packagename ' 
corrects istag method in gradle script . 
override 
never show ' select all ' on actionbar . 
added link tags for favicon 
a notice to third - party users of this distribution . 
update development . md 
re - order jars in classpath to get around conflicting jar corner case 
remove parentkey cruft 
remove wrong @ override 
lps - 55111 prep next version 
updated npm login details - again ! 
updated changelog 
update jar 
lrqa - 28222 autoclose on ' lpkg - release ' failures 
lps - 30638 executing portlet struts action should not create embedded portlet 
accidentally changed pyunit_nopass_random_attack_medium . py to pyunit_random_attack_medium . py . 
fixed a typo in sample code in configuration . rst 
prepare for release 
don ' t use the ant - backed compiler for building gradle . 
upgraded log4j 
clean unused imports in tachyon . version . java 
revert " change revision property in ignition - core " 
revert " disable jack usage for the rs support library . " 
delete ic_launcher_gibberbot . 
fixed wrong test 
don ' t need to build a tests jar for the spark subproject in order to run the tests . 
update actor . proto 
add watched field to acvitiyitembase ( as used by user / friends in the 
long overdue update of copyright year in license file 
lrqa - 16540 next version 
nullable 
fixing surefire random run definition 
final fix for , remove tag version from all javadocs , # 718 
removing unused rake task . 
update to airbase 0 . 21 - snapshot 
removed import from sample project 
package name added 
updated changes 
use 0 . 6 of the gradle plugin . 
make hystrix dependency test scope for agent 
add note about testing gradle against ea builds of new jdk versions . 
snapshot 
small change to security . json 
fixed layout of timestamp 
lower minsdkverison of the sample app 
the version number update 
lps - 42136 provide the default url for sql legacy url 
update android gradle plugin to 0 . 14 . 2 . 
a new image for play services location landing . 
update parent pom version 
 ' 1 . 1 . 143 - snapshot ' . 
remove unneeded dependecy on core - tests to fix build 
update aix natives 
new item in todo 
memory leaks caused by rctnavigator 
port_debug fix 
deleted some unused resources 
fixed a display bug with the tags control set 
added intrications as contributor 
 ' 0 . 17 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
added build tools 23 . 0 . 1 and 23 . 0 . 2 to travis config 
lps - 52961 fix newline 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 509 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
update gradle . properties 
reset scroll position when clear state 
update readme . md 
added license header 
updated readme 
update fml , tons of bug fixes and proper merging of client and server . 
made groovy 1 . 1 beta1 release binary compatible with grails 0 . 5 
test fixes - sosites - dependencies 
make shared variable volatile 
mockfoo should be a singleton . 
specify maven - compiler - plugin version explicitly , maven good idea . 
removes a use of jtable . setfillsviewportheight because it requires java 1 . 6 . 
update doc commit pointer 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / petra / . 
fix switchcompat assets for tvdpi 
change version back to 1 . 1 . 0 - snapshot . 
update javadoc script 
updates for release 0 . 11 . 8 
update location module 
built the latest snapshot 
revert to getglue - java 1 . 1 . 0 which uses secured endpoints . 
update news 
add screen capture for jacoco 
change item 2 in windowsample to read item 2 
update spongecommon for client fix 
added oraclejdk8 and openjdk8 to the set of ci jdks 
update readme . md 
recurse 
fix planned release date 
update realm . properties 
lps - 55492 move to portal - test - internal 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 14 
remove modalfullscreenview dimension 
add findbugs static analysis . 
update graylog2 - rest - client module 
added serviceloader spec for udcextensionimpl 
cdh3 stopped working after linux kernel upgrade to 3 . 13 . 
must be snapshot 
fixing some minor js issue 
fixed cd . sh script 
show image exceptions only in debug mode . 
excluded the datasetsedatest , for it is still fail in bamboo and my windows box 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 2 . 
check if either array is null before diffing 
deploy snapshots of 1 . 1 branch with travis ci 
we ' re supporting ruby now 
rename readme - pt to readme - pt . 
drop org . jetbrains . jet exception in proguard 
fix uninitialized rect structure for retrieving rect cropping information from decoder 
windows binary files for libsvm 2 . 9 release 
null previous background bitmap upon changing wallpaper 
dynamic - data - mapping - form - field - type 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
bootstrap . xml generates idea . properties 
rename xxx to xxx . txt 
lps - 56271 configurationimpl clearcache is not resetting loaded _properties 
delete transifex dir in locales 
fall - through for actionmodes with toolbaractionbar 
update to flow 0 . 4 . 2 
latest version is 2 . 5 . 0 
lps - 55230 @ override 
add tools so that it can fetch 23 . 0 . 2 
use sqlcipher v3 . 4 . 0 tag 
add an override annotation 
made compatibility image a tiny bit smaller 
ninja fix changes 
changed search request failure error message 
updating to latest sqlcipher 
yarn - 1 . 
log level 
gradle - reporting - 1 . 9 . jar removed from gradle module 
libbreakgen for mac 
updated changelog 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 85 
update readme . md 
update test plugins to latest plugin api 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . journal . model , increment version 
update group . java 
delete device - 2016 - 08 - 04 - 160244 . 
added invalidatemaster method to control that behaviour from outside 
update spongecommon for inventory cursor fix . 
upgrade xstream 1 . 3 - > 1 . 3 . 1 
added storm - 1279 to changelog 
testdata fixed ? 
gradle version bump 
update delve version 
make the maps / multimaps iterator / iterable accepting overloads package - private ( moe public ) . 
remove nasty mavenlocal ( ) from repositories . 
readme for dependency 
fix malformed xml 
delete ic_launcher . 
update todos 
update file_system_worker thrift for create / complete ufs 
screenshot & apk 
markdown is painful 
update readme . md 
which will give us a reference to the object , that ' s probably not what we want 
axmlresourceparser + getattrdecoder ( ) . 
moved getgraph to graph 
arraylist in commonclassnames 
add changelos 
build time decreased a lot with npm upgrade 
terrorist version bump 
update spongecommon 
version change . 
set version to 4 . 0 . 0 - dev in package . json 
added ipython notebook plugin to the plugin - list of edu 
updating to gremlin 0 . 8 
added missing library for uploading binaries to googlecode . 
travis 
remove completed todo 
exposed the id property 
fix bootstrap jar not checking the indy flag 
storm - 195 - dependency - reduced - pom . xml should be in . 
changed project name in release script 
do not show error on success 
changes 
renamed build . xml out of the way 
remove tools / lib from deb rules 
only close subscriber position counter once so it is not added twice to the counter manager free list . 
minor update to contributing page 
reenable dependency convergence 
mark project as android library . 
lps - 50362 - dependencies 
gradle 
reset version for dev 
removed spock - grails from settings . gradle as this subproject no longer exists 
lps - 38599 add @ override 
delete demo_shifting . 
s / bash / sh / 
moved log4j . properties to test folder to avoid including it in jar 
fix reference to osx - docbook - register in manual / readme 
antialiasing established to paint object 
add back java memory options to prevent build failure on travis 
add missing import . 
added scripts to create heron - tools self extracting binary 
dismiss overflow popup when overflow button is detached . 
add docs resource for 1 . 1 
makes pinpoint - web builds jar too 
update readme . md 
update readme 
add storm - 1467 to changelog 
update manifesthelpertest . java 
updated version . 
prettier category name 
update readme . md 
fix the seed for drf junit . 
move pyunit to pass . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 153 - snapshot 
removed multi_agent_test . py from integration tests . 
added google test 1 . 7 . 0 zip 
add missing break to switch statement 
fixed incorrect value for chatcolor . black ( was 1 , should be 0 ) 
initialized importingjob . lasttouched 
removed jsch from core project . 
update spongecommon for projectilesource fix . 
throw unsupportedoperationexception on newly added generategraph ( string ) in blueprints test . 
fix rajlog . v ( ) log level 
clj - 1329 - remove unused local in persistentvector . cons ( ) 
make sure we only reallocate buffers on a genuine port definition change . 
yikes , this is broken 
texture wrap enum 
updated flow examples index list to include gbm tunning tutorial 
add ci / ci . 
made the build messages from the manual less verbose . 
move scala files 
enforcing version 2 . 0 . 14 - beta 
sonar - 2133 upgrade to postgresql jdbc driver 9 . 0 - 801 . 
removed old file name for conll sample 
add skeletal infinispan config file 
lps - 67544 add gradle metadata for base plugin 
fix win logo . 
fix for typo in release version 
rename intellilang configurable to " language injection " 
updated changelog 
lps - 51081 prep next version 
mahout - 1496 create a website describing the distributed als recommender 
add travis config . 
remove extra call to getdataprovider ( ) 
remove @ visiblefortesting for matchmode 
 ' 0 . 8 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
fix test 
fix ' help describe cluster ' in cassandra - cli 
the reindex body is now required , which changes the exception thrown by the rest test 
new image changes 
fix typo in channel handling 
import the type we were using 
delete not used file 
fixing some issues with incoming mime messages and improving receiving of messages at all . 
update spongecommon for armorstand interactentityevent support . 
reduces windows coreaudio dll size by removing all non - global symbols ( strip - x ) . 
rewrote some code for switching to konference and freeswitch 
add missing changes . txt entry for 3919 
update aws - sdk to 1 . 10 . 12 
removed debug println in console 
move scripts 
make history global ( # 2024 ) 
update cacheoffheap . 
travis tool 20 . 0 . 0 
fixed a bug where menu items from all fragments in pager would be added to menu 
add certstoreparameters to preloaded - classes 
update build . gradle 
travis should run mvn clean install 
updated changelog 
lps - 56705 rename file since template uses the word abstract 
move pyunit to nopass . 
added storm - 1623 to changelog 
intellij testsourcedirs 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 3 . 
added noop unregisterreceiver to complement existing noop registerreceiver . 
fix " clone " override 
add new build - tools version to travis 
update readme . md 
added uses - feature 
gh - 65 patch for improving the mongodb client ( singhsiddharth ) 
added manifest entries . 
added whiteboardaccess to config . xml template 
update readme . md 
more jars to rtm 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 591 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
update release options 
update changes for cassandra - 2282 that got committed already ( in r1079812 i think ) 
 ( no message ) 
updated screenshots take 2 
bump to flyway 2 . 2 
change default ` activeopacity ` to 0 . 2 to match ios 
log test start on ci . 
release notes 
upgrade jmh to 1 . 11 . 1 from 1 . 10 . 3 
update spongecommon ref 
update changelog . 
fixed typo in regex matcher operator in style - guide . 
allow to save a choice to download remote sources . 
fixed starting in profiler . 
update spongecommon for client block randomtick fix . 
removed unused import 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / social / . 
refresh comments on blog change 
fix copyright year 
update jsonobject . java 
override bootstrap ' s th styles . 
update spongecommon for tracking fix . 
added storm - 794 to changelog 
set min visualization iframe height 0 
added storm - 746 to changelog 
lps - 47521 move to test / unit folder 
lps - 64255 move autobatchpreparedstatementutiltest back to portal - impl unit test to fix the compile issues 
new 1x images for modes , fix for experimental menu buttons 
added missing maven packaging declaration 
updated parent version . 
update license url 
send 1 . 1 . 2 to jcenter 
fredricho - set the title of the media activity in the action bar 
set version 
new todo item 
correctly return cached size for mediadatasource 
updated changelog 
replace disklru cache with an equivalent jar 
update aar 
try building and running with jdk 8 
 ' 0 . 4 . 41 - snapshot ' . 
only build with java 8 on travis 
updated magnifier . png image 
added package . html to keep checkstyle happy 
lps - 63440 no need for this , ci will never use node . js thanks to 9155af17edb54c10be961a327c298dfa66fc32bd and the pull will fail if the cache is stale 
favicon . 
fixed npe in svnconfiguration - initialize inner state to default value 
added newline to nooutputexception 
update circle ci config 
adding server building 
renamed table . scala to table . scala 
change logo for different resolution . 
update json parser lib to jackson 1 . 8 . 6 
add cap_block_suspend to system server 
add mdpi icon 
added storm - 1473 to changelog 
update maven version to 1 . 1 . 0 
revert code generator dependency to compile because it causes compile problems in java 1 . 8 
update readme . md 
fix for persian and urdu language maps # 2019 
handle calendars with an access level of " root " 
remove jalopy import line 
add missing override decorator 
update spongecommon for respawn and skull profiles fixes . 
update build 
zwave database updates ( # 4433 ) 
bump android jar version to r4 
broken link to futurice website 
update readme . md 
removed explicit guava version from a test . 
update src / mdesl / util / mathutil . java 
use the new android 2 . 0 - style sdk value for this field so it compiles 
made quasarurlclassloaderhelper final 
language keys 
update readme . md 
upgrade to gradle 3 . 1 
build - helper - maven - plugin version bump to 1 . 10 
update jacoco plugin 
journal - terms - of - use packageinfo 
make duplicate icon lint warning an error 
added storm - 1218 to changelog . 
bump version to 0 . 0 . 14 - snapshot . 
change default builder to multithreaded 
make regex global to replace both ' version ' tag values ( artifact version and jna dependency version ) in pom - platform . xml . 
update spongecommon for crash fix . 
removed the exprrest from the not with parens since it should not expr the rest 
notnull 
upgrade parent pom version 
2 . 0 . 2 - snapshot 
fix story name in spec 
test data fixed 
add guice - 4 . 0 no_aop binary 
add diagnostics to c / c + + feature list 
add unsubscribe to abstractviewmodel . 
add blade proxy 
upgraded gradle to 2 . 8 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
built lib snapshot 
name fix 
source formatting 
added screenshots for emma and robolectric 
add demo gif 
update icon 
 " done " field should be volatile so that changes from other threads are definitely seen . 
update readme 
jasmine spyon returns a non - nullable spy object . 
add readme for sample app 
remove redundant filetree dependency 
update readme . md 
updating gradle tools version 
add android link 
i am a dummy . 
xerces 2 . 9 . 1 sources + resolver 
do not back up / restore the end_button_behavior setting 
include support library so it compiles 
updaty library reference 
added throws declaration to compile against recent targetdirectory change 
gh - 58 - changed travis logging to debug 
fixed the apache - camel kit has the camel - core - test jar issue 
lps - 44938 - portlet title wiki is displayed as " , , , " on mobile device in content page 
add dependency on net . sourceforge . cssparser to org . w3c . css . sac 
updating to versioncode 192 for 4 . 2 . 1 hotfix 
fix wrong partial name in streams / showrange 
suppressed deprecation warning in the group test 
removed performance project from the community build temporarily 
still waiting on an rc2 sbt - compiler - interface and scalatest . 
added default culling implementation to rectangularshape . 
use a single < manifestentries > element 
fix testdata file case 
increment version to 3 . 2 . 0 . build - snapshot 
re - enabled custom social buttons . 
revert " lps - 54811 export the proper datasource in order to get the proper transaction management within the new osgi modules " 
added physics2dsettings 
remove build tools from notice 
changed target build sdk for osmand 
version 0 . 9 . 9 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
disable clip to padding for row items to avoid clipped transition animation 
remove a wrong and probably missleading part so a sentence . 
added circle . yml 
default unk word vector 
fixes # 261 - update onblock to on_block 
source code disclosure - cve - 2012 - 1823 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 19 - snapshot ' . 
build with gradle 2 . 8 . 
 ' assignment is not used ' inspection should mark right part of assignment statement instead of variable name . 
update changelog 
should include config . h to ensure # defines are correctly set 
updated the changelog 
lps - 55479 move unit test . 
update build - tools plugin version to 23 . 0 . 2 
fixed non - removing bug in persistentmultimaplet ( jps / incremental ) . 
lps - 61793 move java file 
update news 
upgrade to airlift 0 . 67 - snapshot 
 ' eureka - 1 . 1 . 14 - snapshot ' . 
add example how to configure port for pgsimpledatasource 
updated readme with recent new extensions . 
remove view ' s long press callbacks when action_cancel is received 
committed new mountains . zip file 
added more todo for the xnio transport 
3 . 0 . 0 - beta 
lrqa - 17607 print the error message if an error is thrown 
added derby . log to . 
upgrade apache commons collections to v3 . 2 . 2 
update bbb - conf 
synced buildtoolsversion with dependencies 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 54 
updated similar solutions section 
fixes java 1 . 5 compatibility . 
lps - 61420 source formatting 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / journal / . 
eliminate - noprecompile 
update screen1 , when updated to 1 . 2 . 1 
updated release note for v1 . 5 . 2 . 
updated project version 
fix bug # 5446966 changing gravity on a textview does not change how the text is aligned 
export javadoc task 
change console capacity to 1000 lines for better performance 
fix startup script return code . 
no more fc branches 
updated changelog 
add travis - ci config 
lps - 53177 - properties 
the wrapper script has been removed 
gettransformable3d allows for animations to identify what they are attached to . 
update icons 
indicate where installation instruction for windows 
updated changelog for 0 . 13 . 1 . 
1 . 0 . 0 - rc1 - snapshot 
typo fix for readme . md 
idea - 77239 cannot checkout project from github 
updated changelog 
docs 
snapshot 
persist source database dirty flag 
jsr166e was left out of shaded jar 
update spongecommon for entityarrow collide event additions . 
upgrade jansi to get some ( windows specific ) bug fixes ( # 683 ) 
lps - 54165 remove marketplace - portlet . 
fix typo in nativecomponentsandroid . md 
make issues a . 
added storm - 2098 to changelog . md 
the 8k chipset qcom decoders require that the input buffers be allocated using omx_allocatebuffer rather than omx_usebuffer for now . 
file watchers tips should be in ws only 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
lps - 65330 no need to be exported anymore 
increase targetsdkversion to 22 
pycharmedu - > pycharmpe 
update version to 3 . 3 . 3 . 
hive - 6914 - parquet - hive cannot write nested map ( map value is map ) ( data file ) 
specify oracle jdk8 for travis ci config 
lrqa - 17835 deprecate old component names 
add missing json highlighting to example . 
added a help option for the tests . 
upgrade to aether 1 . 0 . 0 
fix add break for 1 . 4 
updated changelog 
mouse gesture logs to debug output 
added jenkins compat tasks 
 / / android - query . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 385 d864b24f - c464 - 86f1 - a23f - 96be1521e7f2 
rebuilt processor jars for ios tests 
add stringtemplate to the notice file . 
fix update script for ec2 
update news 
fix glm job fail path to call job . fail ( ) . 
set beta_features to true . 
add xmljavadocassertiontest and enable testing of some groovy - xml javadoc examples 
remove changes from pr comment 
travis test 103 
update retryhandlingblockmasterclient . java 
added openjdk6 to travis configuration 
prepare to new release - change version to 1 . 5 . 0 
removed unnecessary fully qualified class name . 
lps - 50084 - need to make this a periodic function , otherwise it will only save the draft once 
arraybufferview added to websocket . send ( ) as valid parameter type in externs / html5 . 
added todo 
avoid creating new bytesstreamoutput objects in streambucket 
update travis 
update version name and version code for the next release 
update to gradle android plugin 1 . 2 . 3 
fixed a compilation error ( returning from a void method ) . 
more tweaks to logo . 
adding the singleton module 
bump version to 0 . 3 . 8 
added info option to travis to output more information 
added linksource to javadoc so we can navigate from javadoc to source code 
add missing pkg statement to test 
enable " serializable class with no uid " by default 
camel - 7415 added the missing file of data . csv 
add in gradle to osx 
handle keyboardinterrupt in buck . py . 
jacoco now should works fine 
updated es 
notnull contract fix 
added storm - 1198 to changelog 
add the return for the save ( ) method in pdf 
fix bug reporting presence of orientation axis . 
adds a compileall task to allow ci compile checking 
discover the include paths for clang 
updated build tools 
test fixes - portlet / calendar 
prepare version 20 . 1 . 1 . 
minecraftforge / fml @ 544320b8d239df4a5ee2b3a7ec331ce2ec0a2c09 beginning of a saveinspectionhandler . 
nd commit needed as change is in the build file performing the svn update 
license update 
update changelog . md 
add redis to . 
lps - 49143 @ override 
version changed to 1 . 1 . 0 - snapshot 
increment version number ready for next release 
include jestsupport for npm package 
update spongecommon for tracking npe fix . 
give a name to the bazel workspace 
updated changelog 
add mention of visibility . 
updated changelog 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
fix module name 
added booleantest . json to pom . xml 
ensure default delimiter is set 
updated sample version 
added maven - plugin - plugin to < plugins > in maven - android - plugin pom . 
set maximum height for mention menu ; 
remove gpg keyname from release profile 
tachyon - 1398 
removed jar that should not have been in the repository . 
update spongecommon for client join world fix . 
travis update 
lrqa - 12823 - add test property to use solr in poshi 
moved the testdata to the correct directory ; - ) 
added lintvitalrelease as suggested by @ dimakoz 
remove comment on private serialization constant 
update readme . md 
added travis - ci config 
update reference to android - library in order to fix move and rename operations through redirected servers 
grailsbootstrap was setting the pluginsettings property on the plugin 
revert " sonar - 4438 " more actions " drop list does not fit in the issue details modal window " 
lps - 64771 set _latesthash before _createpluginssummary ( ) ; 
updating version . txt top section 
moved requirements . txt 
rlock subscription timeout fixed 
fix missing line after import codenarc 
update readme_cn . 
added filechooser branch 
add storm - 1229 to changelog 
clear targetpatterns to allow transferring . 
moving tests to correct folder 
settargetbytecode default for properties constructor invocation 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 144 - snapshot 
gradle plugin upgrade 
move sql reference and rest documentation at end of ( sub - ) toc 
js fix build failure due to missing splitwithregex 
moving test to nopass will have to change the test 
adding the jar file , so the code needn ' t be recompiled whenever added to another project 
new todo item 
missing break 
added todo 
added titan sitting images . 
netty updated 3 . 5 . 2 
 ' jcenter ' 
add change log . 
idea build number for core plugins 
changed playback service to not sticky 
give errorreporter a reference to the application context instead of application object . 
set skipassembly for fastinstall 
fixes init script for chkconfig . 
added gremlin in the wild image for the wiki documentation . 
fixup import 
update to jboss - parent 6 - beta - 1 
 ' curator - 1 . 3 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
update tokumx version to test against 
clear caches on initial restart 
new image changes 
need to make this a regex instead 
reinstated setting of mcontext variable in constructor 
added new analytics properties for push authentication tracking . 
update readme . md 
commit from translate . sip - communicator . 
upgraded to spring webflow pr 5 to fix jdk 1 . 5 compile problem 
init blog when sharing media to a new post . 
updated reference to library 
when project is closed , clear its last notification status from status bar 
added travis . yaml file to enable travis ci . 
remove duplicate sourcedirectory specification 
update idea version 
update news 
reuse distributions for performance tests . 
disable ' toplevel ' errorprone check 
upgrade jdbi to 2 . 50 . 
update encryption . md 
uncommented djvu plugin support 
include roaming in networkidentity . hashcode ( ) . 
custom deflater needs end ( ) call to avoid native memory leak 
lps - 58322 last commit , committed the wrong jar file that does not have debug info . 
use latest jar 
update readme . md 
added storm - 827 to changelog 
update build . gradle 
make sure we remove the cache when resuming . 
add storm - 1962 to changelog 
deep learning strata booklet 
update docs submodule 
only_jvm for some tests for bridge methods 
updated readme 
new file . 
push version to 16 . 0 . 1 , 15022 . 
lrqa - 16446 add ' smoke ' component to testray triage team 
update build . gradle 
add call to destroy finished message loader - fixes # 1227 
remove extra font letter - spacing 
update dekshare applet with more logs to profile where it takes a long 
library source inclusion notice . 
update build . gradle 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 12 - snapshot ' . 
update version 
change carlos ' role . 
remove a couple incorrect lines from releasenotes . md 
lps - 25263 forgot a property 
updating commons codec to match onionkit version 
bump the version 
asm 5 jarjar fixed 
updated to current android - support - v4 jar 
compile with jdk 7 ( default ) and 8 . 
changed debug statement for received jabber messages . 
add richard ' s email 
update spongecommon for chunk load request fixes . 
standard random stream shortname blueprint to avoid uniqueness problems in tests 
translation of " uk " 
long toast 
updated the index to include aws related info . 
fixed issue with create - script creating scripts in packages 
 ' 1 . 4 . 11 - snapshot ' . 
added changelog for 1 . 6 . 1 
dark ellipsis 
revert " fixed missing import " 
cross off todo item 
upgraded parent declaration in all trunks to use version 1 of parent - central . 
journal - service packageinfo 
update notice . md 
add a command line flag to enable using types for optimization . 
bumps maven - release - plugin version to 2 . 4 . 1 to avoid regression in 2 . 4 
parent 15 
rc1 - snapshot 
fix smoke test 
changed target sdk to 21 ( lollipop ) 
google - collections 1 . 0 - rc2 
nitpick ( for testing purposes ) 
added storm - 525 to changelog . 
00 cst 2015 
lps - 41436 pacl - an internal thread local is causing a memory leak when portal webapp is stopped 
create readme . md 
make getstencilbits static 
update to gradle plugin 0 . 9 . 0 ( studio 0 . 5 . 
remove unused import 
update changelog for 1 . 0 . 0 . 
lps - 33805 changing auditedmodel to extend classedmodel 
lib / npn packaging of jetty - distribution is off 
add state and inputstream to the irecognizer interface 
update reference to oc library 
remove mortarcontextwrapper from the public api 
promose unused resource lint check to fatal . 
move test data file to correct location . 
typo in a comment ! 
save task property validation report 
update android gradle plugin to 2 . 1 . 2 . 
tries a rescue of my git repository after a network loss 
fix md5sum for windows installer 
fix makefile 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 54963 
fixes a bug when layouts are changed since the 
fix readme 
added load - file to parallel . clj comment 
added new 512x512 export of the logo for the android market 
commented out colorama and builtins 
it also improve the fix for 37284 . 
add missing @ override 
zeppelin - 815 don ' t create a sub shell for the runner 
update readme 
pubdev - 1699 in rapids and r 
version 1 . 4 . 0 - rc - 2 . 
removed debug message that claims to be a error message 
update parameters for py api for createframe . 
added nodeset . to_html 
add r build to build section . 
snapshot 
avoid use of a temp variable 
added storm - 1272 to changelog 
update readme . md 
add style to common styles 
update install 
fixed typos in gradle build . 
rc - 2 / 215 version bump 
fix building rpm when dependency checks are skipped 
updated changelog 
micro fix to pom to test forward - merging automation 
upgrade the wrappered gradle to 0 . 9 - rc - 3 
h2ojob . warning was sometimes missing 
updated changelog 
lf as line separator # 206 
update submodule references for cpp , javascript , python & php 
use bash 
add release notes 
prepare version 27 - beta2 . 
update kotlin icons 
skips adding a listener if already exists . 
added storm - 456 to changelog . 
version bump to 2 . 0 . 13 
add context accessor for subclasses 
added apache commons - lang - 2 . 6 to libs 
adding opts 
update readme . md 
fix gradle plugin version do not merge 
make gradle eclipse always run cleaneclipse 
fix spelling in readme 
call change status listener after disable account 
upgrade influxdb java client to support 1 . 0 
adding jconsole diagram for usage in the wiki 
upgrade to guava 13 . 0 . 1 
update changelog 
missing cast in a test case 
updating manifest 
add storm - 1341 to changelog . md 
use the same blue shade for headings as the alluxio logo 
minor fix in configreposconfig 
updated docs - library version 
adding windows binary ( yes , really . . . ) 
make objectcodec require impl of versioned 
working on the jmf implementation of the media service . 
backup owner info as part of settings backup . 
update readme . md 
updated server readme 
lps - 50155 ensure that store ( ) does not save strict portlet preferences to the db 
add missing redirect after restoring user in new session 
trademark issue ( idea - 114914 ) 
 ' 1 . 56 . 48 - snapshot ' . 
changed dbdecoderfactory to interface and added method . 
update mixin submodule ref 
remove redundant encoding entry 
increased version number to 1 . 0 . 6 
fixed link to deep learning pdf 
move drawable resources into density - specific folders 
removed spurious import of a com . sun class 
update disunity . bat 
indexmetadata . builder . index ( string name ) isn ' t renaming this . index 
fixed bug that gradle continued after printing out help message . 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 23 - snapshot ' . 
revert " adjust demo layout to showcase the feature " 
push version to 14 . 0 . 4 , 11267 . 
fix default return code for getresource 
tombstone for old samples 
updated to targetsdkversion 14 for auto - material theme 
update gradle version 
fix maven deployment 
snapshot 
scope win32 header inclusion to windows builds 
add scheduler argument to britecontentresolver example 
lps - 7138 can ' t add properties to a category - see also lps - 9785 
ignoring tdb files . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 148 
correct rb number in changelog . 
fix a constructor 
add proto syntax to key_value . 
enable long click on recipient select view 
update plugin description 
lps - 14649 message . boards . subscribe . by . default should be set to false in portal . properties legacy file 
indicate update of breton pos dictionary in changes . txt . 
update readme . md 
remove " notyetimplemented ( ) " from controllerunittestmixintests . testallowedmethods 
groovy console icon for mac os x broken 
new icon , last one was clipped on the top 
removing callbacks in ondetachedfromwindow , fixes b / 7465673 
date - math should be on common options 
upgrade to airlift tpch 2 . 0 
downgrade gradle version 
update spongecommon 
fredricho - added wordpress android passcode library to the project 
add graphics to repo 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 56 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 79 
bump spongecommon 
another test commit to see if the github email hook works 
make printer constructor public 
updated changelog 
fix ethernet and wifi can ' t be tuned seperately issue 
ignoring build - data . 
added lwjgl interface to hold the p2d / p3d constants 
add missing line to changes . txt for cassandra - 8677 
optimizes the video capture on windows by avoiding an unnecessary copy of the video frames . 
change travis config to build with jdk8 . 
adding jpg 
updated changelog 
change chunk < t > to be a static inner class 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc6 - snapshot ' . 
use content_type constant 
upgrade codenarc plugin to codenarc 0 . 12 
deleted unused file 
updated readme 
updated enocean lib to work with more eep . 
add a redirect for / index . html on the site . 
added storm - 1187 to changelog . 
optimized png ' s to reduce file size . 
enable test coverage report generation for library project . 
fix inputtype determination of webtextview ( do not merge ) 
dispatch up event to fix fling 
lps - 55159 remove left over file 
fix test 
notice 
added plain icon screenshots 
update readme . md 
bring in spock for tests . 
cronet extension project setup 
add travis ci build file . 
update readme . md 
add missing import 
new demo preview 
remove unnecessary isleadermode ( ) from masterbase . java 
remove meta - inf from jetty distro 
update to new asmack with custom hostnameverifier capability 
update dataextractionosm / src / net / osmand / data / index / indexbatchcreator . java 
 / / editorconfig . org / 
new image changes 
upgrade to gradle 1 . 0 m1 
excluding proguard directory to save space 
reactive extensions for the jvm 
patched jogl - all . jar that solves the initial flickering issue 
flag the version as snapshot 
update hazelcast plugin 
enforce avoiddefaultserializableininnerclasses of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
fix travis . ci 
lrqa - 16080 update sikuli files to 32bit versions 
update to airbase 15 
added storm - 1167 to changelog . 
hive - 422 new logo for hive . 
added storm - 1271 to changelog 
use the shadowed jdk8 quasar in ' install ' and ' uploadarchives ' 
sample - 1 . 3 . 2 
added missing put warmer body 
added a protected method to retrieve the indent printer for reuse in subclasses of markupbuilder 
point to new es branch with additional test fixes 
update deprecated comment in pushnotificationios 
delete test file . 
updated changes . txt 
small fix in spca formula 
test imports in scripts 
ensure initialized nested structure arrays use the right memory 
don ' t use the application context to start the accounts activity ( because then we ' d have to create a new task ) 
updated set of experimental mode menu buttons 
remove cube wireframe 
 " follow " instead of " obey " 
indexing - impl added to utils . gant 
add random data benchmark to flow examples pack . 
this is a test 
remove unnecessary evaluationdependson . 
nojira bumped version to 0 . 11 . 0 - snapshot 
fix build . xml 
delete duplicate system_ui_flag_layout_hide_navigation flag 
version bump 
baseline rntn in there , need to clean up a lot and refactor , also need to add adagrad , multithreading and some other improvements 
bumping versioncode 196 for 4 . 3 . 2 hotfix 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / invitation / . 
add value to plist , fix server build 
add jacoco_build . 
add missing @ override annotation 
snapshot version bump 
no break after test 
changelog 
fix wrong call of parse_modifiers # shell 
update readme . md 
add screenshot 
correct next beta version name to 5beta1 . 
fix bad filtering of error code when set_position_mode ( ) is being called . 
format change in routedstoretest . java 
lps - 65425 delete " deploy " dir while cleaning 
build new pre release b7 
gave up with travis and ci compilation ( timeout ) . 
idea - 69449 ( source files from dependent java module not linked into grails module . ) 
activate migration immediately when a new node joins . 
idea - 107291 " unshelve " into a new changelist puts new files into active changelist for hg 
lps - 64121 removes unnecessary dir ( leftover from the freemarker days ) 
fix battery state information propagation in lock screen 
updates build tools version to 2 . 1 . 2 
move sources to correct place for gradle build . 
upgrade travis build configuration 
travis test 
add npm install to build_release . 
add conf / hotspot_compiler to . 
upgrade gradle / android tools 
fixes travis config to log tag name . 
angle dependency with natives . 
updated changelog 
lps - 60403 add ' prepare - tomcat - setenv ' to ' run - functional - test ' batches 
added nigel charman as reporter of bugs github # 257 and gihub # 258 . 
add the rather crucial missing i + + in the wait loop 
change tab size to 4 spaces 
add xml declaration 
french tagger now calls donttaglowercasewithuppercase ( ) . 
change pom . xml to org . json version for java 7 
fix readme . md formatting to install commons - codec - 1 . 6 . 
added maven dependency 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 153 
add shell script for zan 
use exit ( ) for integration test client 
update readme . md 
correct commit message for website deploy . 
update readme . md 
better default for psifile . getoriginalelement ( ) ( idea - 158684 ) 
rename another one . . . 
add exec header . sh 
avoid travis ci failure on coverity scan limit 
moving to different package 
lps - 61070 add the dependency even if the gulp * task has already been created 
 ' 0 . 5 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
add necessary foundation . h import for added nsobject protocol . 
fix inspector expansion error . 
updated changelog 
update spongecommon for tileentity activation fix . 
make maven - gpg - plugin use gpg - agent 
update pom . xml 
set classification to the same value as the checkpoint . 
dev commit . 
updated to latest drlvm - vts - bundle commit . 
wip5 
make the execute ( ) test working on winxp / jdk 1 . 5 
update readme . md 
add storm - 2041 to changelog 
reset p2p0 interface channel as well 
updated growl4j which now uses growl . framework 1 . 2 . 
remove unnecessary call to recycle . 
reverting maven - surefire from 2 . 16 to 2 . 15 
change test name to have _medium tag 
update end now text in case language has changed . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 57 - snapshot 
update gradle version 
lps - 59672 remove no longer used third - party dependencies 
lrdocs - 2072 added images folder to hold screenshots for tld descriptions . 
fixes npe when sending null as the node while trying to get the nodeinformationprovider for a node . 
update spongecommon for npe tracking fix . 
incremented version properties 
downgrade build tool to make travis ci succeed 
fix tag adj_comp - - > adj_sup , adj_s - - > adj_com 
font moved to a right place 
i need to learn to type , this fixes incorrect version in pom 
remove old lib 
correct project name 
miss usb device interface from usbmanager . getdevicelist ( ) . 
reverting the exclusion of fatjar , needed for maven central publish 
attempt to fix the simulator build by including stdlib . h for null . 
enable nio connector 
remove android - support - v4 . 
update readme . md 
lps - 61440 remove dynamicimport 
favicon as well 
remove todo from javadoc 
upgrade xmlunit ( test dependency ) to 1 . 1 
updating version . txt 
push version to 202 and 11 - beta2 . 
update package . json 
added storm - 1037 to changelog . 
broadened dependencies to also include stable build tools 
update spongecommon 
 ' rxjava - 0 . 7 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
fix for a concurrent modification exception on provided account list 
reset haserror flag after hmr request 
adde etc pom . xml into build 
lps - 53523 since class name is stripped , there is no need to advance the index the length of the fully qualified class name that is no longer there 
added organization 
add isdebug method . 
delete maxsdkversion = 17 for workaround 
add missing import . 
adding appveyor 
stripped down version of imapstore 
lps - 64414 no need to deploy sample - sql - builder when build - sample - sql target is called 
 / / repository . apache . org / snapshots 
update style css 
prepare library for development 
ticket # 411 and parser test 
update readme . md 
added some unity 4 and 3 structs 
update readme for lucida 
add universalenglish as new language to grammaticalrelation such that original sd and ud can be both used . 
lps - 62504 - follow new pattern for loading version specific dependencies 
ooppsss . . . forgot password for sentinel 
missing close cursor call 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 15 - snapshot ' . 
updated to latest version of lwjgl packages and native libs 
update readme . md 
revert removing sql file because it was used by a test 
updated pom 
create readme . md 
add storm - 1848 to changelog 
show default publish droplist entries on unsaved documents 
minecraftforge / fml @ 1d41aa978d41267e4040ec449e10f49a20edd4fa fix the side for the compatibility check . 
testdata updated . 
add a runtime dependency on validation - api 
update changelog 
removed the lcrypto bouncycastle lightweight crypto library , since the source is now part of the project directly as info . guardianproject . bouncycastle 
delete old rng jar - > is a dependency now 
update spongecommon for sponge scheduler timings support . 
remove bash debug output 
move greendroid to api version 8 just so people don ' t have to install an extra android sdk 
bump jbosh to 0 . 9 
updated library test with needed params 
updating version to fix issues with the build 
copy for tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 1 
preview gif 
move groovy . icns to lib 
lps - 41597 make the build fail next time 
lps - 43227 set filter search to true in blog 
lps - 70036 semver gradle - plugins - soy 
add jira to build in community 
lps - 63865 rename server - admin sass file to scss 
pmd 5 . 4 . 1 
prepare for 1 . 1 . 1 - snapshot ( # 29 ) 
test commit to test write access 
keep commentsactivity on rotation , size fixes # 1142 
release version 4 . 0 . 0 . 
fixed the camel - scala compile error 
prints an exception to the console in case an error occurs while parsing the document 
fix zbetagroup project 
update to use build tools 21 . 1 . 2 
upgrade gradle - wrapper to 2 . 10 
update projects_using_mpandroidchart . 
project version is now in gradle . properties 
test to see if cron job picks up changes and propagate to google code 
use docker - client 2 . 2 . 0 
deploy 
greenify javacompletionutil a bit 
updated version 
made text_box_light have a white background 
fix maxsessionidletimeout setter 
released 1 . 5 . 1 - snapshot . 
remove schematool from debian packaging 
better changelog 
remove win32 compiler flags from console io project ( already provided by parent cmakelists . txt ) 
add perl check 
update emitter version 
toc to toc . 
added new modules to requirements for new sphinx docs 
update category and tags in readme 
handle throttling being disabled via policy change 
revert " update druid console version ( # 3189 ) " ( # 3203 ) 
bit binary without assertions . 
update readme . md 
if ocfile is null - - > cannot delete = = > return false . 
adding dist as well . 
add travis support 
unexport display . 
index is required for open 
mention new api in readme . 
upgraded guava to 20 
import base 
add googlecode ant library 
triggering the build server 
license 
lps - 66308 move icon 
fix travis config 
version date 
force a dump of java_home and a few other jvm properties on a build 
removed numthread and maxconnections from reference . conf 
update jar 
bumped the version to v0 . 8 . 13 - snapshot . 
add scatter plot of the two_spiral dataset for illustration . 
mac tree ui fix 
correction to framerate coloring 
fix missing activate boolean 
update copyright date in notice file 
bazel_worker_test to manual until the flakiness issue is resolved 
defaultcontainerservice ' s jni library is required 
playwith grammar 
add screenshot 
typo in error message 
exclude the build / and dist / folders created by ant builds 
readme update 
lps - 55252 linux - x86 - 64 lib 
changes 
rename dsharedhistogram to drealhistogram 
alpha - 21 / 300 version bump 
update readme . md 
added run target . 
archiving of sandbox and stdout / sterr captured by nohup 
don ' t clear customheaders on setcustomheaders call 
add appetize . io token to travis environment 
fix typo on build_release 
added storm - 297 sto changelog . 
hive - 101 . 
improved tableref # isroot ( ) 
fix bug in jediscluster del command . 
dylib built on osx lion ( 10 . 7 ) 
update version to 0 . 1 . 0 . build - snapshot 
lrqa - 18527 append the full path for mirrors - get 
do not need to check series 
fix compiler warning about using _ as an identifier 
update group of analytics plugin so that old forks that still use a version on ' + ' can continue to work when new versions are published 
update build tools 
add logging for unknown state . 
fix gradle . properties 
use parallel test execution on travis 
lps - 48332 - dependencies 
increase memory for test suite 
just jar it 
set snapshot v0 . 4 . 9 - snapshot . 
bump to version 1 . 1 . 3 
python formatter fixed 
fixes # 140 removed line that nulled mchildren causing issues on certain devices . 
upgrade to airbase 26 
adding tools . jar again to keep russel happy and the javac ant task working ; ) 
added demo gif 
revert update lwjgl to latest 2 . 8 . 0 - nightly due to macosx issues 
disable lint error to exit build process 
updating travis as well 
proper check of the existence of ssh tunnel attribute ( # 1380 ) 
revert submodule change 
prepare release checkstyle - 7 . 2 
build for android 4 . 0 . 3 or api level 15 . 
added flowdock notification 
adding notification for a disabled stream due to excessive runtime . 
update json - service - management . 
added storm - 449 to changelog 
set custom file name for 64 - bit winlauncher exe 
inced version 
optimize p . redraw ( ) 
lrqa - 22738 select frame before save 
add jar 
rc - 3 / 164 version bump 
propper use of pshape . setstroke ( ) 
added an id to the execution phase 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 37 
change podspec version to 2 . 0 . 0 . 7 
add jim idle to the list of contributors 
lps - 51081 ant to gradle 
fix fillliquidcontainer - return null , not the empty container for 
bump forge version for eclipse fix . 
fix to call voiceinteractionsession . ondestroy ( ) . 
update jar 
upgrade gradle version 
lps - 40864 avoid langbuilder to add the ( automatic . . . ) for disambiguations since they are not needed for most languages 
empty table response 
fix gif url 
added secondary read test . 
lps - 22778 - click on language selector input will close the menu 
bump version number in readme 
update icons 
this should not contain anything unused 
updated out jar 
removing extraneous output from test . 
profile modal background color fixed ; 
 ' 0 . 19 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 54506 up to next version 
add testbatcheddatapoints . java to the makefile 
also need to upgrade afterburner 
edited changelog . md 
tests disabled to activate cache for . 
update release script for mcp changes , releases now build . 
updated changelog 
removed optional scope from jaxen dependecy in preauth sample as it breaks war file 
prepare rc1 
update readme . md 
removed test . jar 
added more stuff for bob to do 
lps - 62071 git commit plugins 
update jar 
changelog charset update 
added wiki images 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 2 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
clear fbo cache on full memory flush 
 / / github . com / antlr / antlr4 / pull / 875 to java runtime parser " 
upgrade to joda - time 2 . 9 . 1 
updated release to 0 . 81 - beta 
do not show duplicate containing file when navigation element is a file itself 
version change 
fix pull script on windows 
built the latest snapshot 
add the apidocs to the mvn build ( though temporarily requires a snapshot of the mvn plugin ) 
updated changes . txt to move hadoop - 12526 to 2 . 6 . 3 . 
reduce ram usage in tarjan algorithm via trimtosize 
the system components are of type bolts 
add todo comment 
add local . properties to . 
adding documentation 
lps - 24176 unable to set sevencogs - theme 
add back missing ant dependency . 
fix foreground flag broken by 8115 
gradle plugin 2 . 2 . 0 
added new gif for the fill after . 
make gradlew executable , another shot 
updated changes file 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 52474 
fixes groovy - 310 and groovy - 409 . 
lps - 34662 add @ override 
change blur lib jin abifilters to all 
preparing release version 
fixed tiny initialization issue with filecopierunittest 
renamed maven assembly to jmxtrans - all . jar . 
update readme 
bumped up parent from 2 - snapshot to 2 
add tostring ( ) to kotlin . enum 
fix query param in load script 
adding utf update to the changelog 
fix column names in test data ( so that r doesn ' t barf ) 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 91 - snapshot 
updated sample apk . 
lps - 63740 rename step 1 
reintroduce a line of code which disappeared during reformatting . 
added favicon 
uses views 1 . 0 . 12 
testing circle ci 
forcefully close connection when future is manually cancelled during connect , close # 1131 
cookies api in phantomjs has implemented . 
fixed test for changes to jar binary display name . 
bump the version number to 2 . 1 . 1 
lps - 58931 move the media wiki zip from portal to its bundle 
add gossip padding for 1 . 1 
push version to 15 . 0 . 6 , 15008 . 
fix launcher icons 
update libarm 
register opush - bluetooth opp service record . 
some high - res " 
make markupbuilder . getmkp ( ) return markupbuilderhelper instead of object 
updated changes 
upgrade to netty - build - 4 
lps - 43978 summary is not a wysiwyg field , so no need to strip the html 
update spongecommon for inventory memory leak fix . 
new llvm 3 . 5 binary for mac os x x86_64 . 
upgraded parent to version 34 . 
making public get enum package private 
update readme . md 
import < audiotoolbox / audioservices . 
update reference to graylog2 - rest - client 
import cleanup 
rename citi bike small to pass 
update readme to match java method name 
in django - - settings file can be set as environment variable 
use new jar 
open dialog when try to add user by phone if user is already there ; 
upgrade to sbt 0 . 12 . 4 
added storm - 1458 to changelog 
update database . md 
also define boost_filesystem2_narrow_only 
upgrade maven - site to 3 . 2 . 
update version in download section of readme 
use default junit parallelism 
fix plugin id name 
revert " merge branch ' issue - list ' " 
idea - 70806 ( quote executable path in desktop entry ) 
incorrect file name for shard stores 
add ' preparebasedir ' dependency to ' shadowjar ' . 
update graylog2 - rest - client submodule 
use java 1 . 6 compatible method of closing the zip file . 
fix bundle version 
fix osmand key location 
remove myself from travisci notifications . 
guava 18 
 ( minor ) changed title to say " frequently asked questions " instead of " merchandise and donations " . 
update readme . md 
added todo 
add trailing new line to flickr dimens . xml . 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
add console appender to quickstart - web 
added wrapper properties 
removes a static modifier that sneaked in 
added window resize on ctrl - arrowkey and move on shift - arrowkey 
sync to sundown 
update changelog . md 
update spongecommon 
update contributors . txt 
readme 
update year in readme . 
release 1 . 1 . 1 
added marvel image 
fix theme 
lps - 5310 css adjustments 
updating alloy to 9f88c7a ; lps - 30508 
add supportsrtl to manifest . 
copy for tag flyway - 2 . 0 . 3 
ignoring target directory created by running sample ha - ops bash scripts 
don ' t run runit_nopass_rdoc_glm . 
idea - 53476 gradle integration ( maven ' s level - dependencies , modules , repositories ) 
lps - 63096 build . xml 
change phase build helper runs in 
don ' t warn about missing apache http classes in google api client . 
added appcompat dependency for ant to work 
playon ( ) should use setupview ( ) , playnow ( ) should use startview ( ) 
doc the changes 
added storm - 1893 to changelog . 
update spongecommon for compile fix . 
mdpi checkmark 
destroy qmatrix 
update to pulltorefresh 1 . 4 . 0 to improve sdk9 compatibility . 
rename archiver_audio . 
update notice . txt for ga stuff 
notnull 
removed unused import 
rename changelog to changelog . md 
do not download source on build server 
rolling the dict implementation back until it is fixed and ready to implement 
add frodo configuration block to project . 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 53828 
groovy - 4075 fixed the shouldfailwithcause regression . 
updated reference to library after merging paired pr 
allow % in user name , which is used in some cloud mysql db . 
readme update 
update jar 
update cells on run if it ' s the last cell in file 
adding standalone product category 
mv hex test to hex directory 
setting z = 0 in vertex ( x , y ) 
expand selection work 
next development version 
somehow the old import didn ' t get removed 
lrqa - 15446 dependencies 
commit binary file required for hive - 13361 ( prasanth jayachandran reviewed by gopal v ) 
update readme . md 
missing super . dispose ( ) call 
shebang lines must have a ! 
add storm - 1544 to changelog 
update library reference 
update readme . md 
add sonar configure for sonar runner 
update lib version 
update readme . md 
remove misplaced @ override annotation 
force using tlsv1 . 2 in tests 
backspace in lookup shouldn ' t undo common prefix 
working on maven release 
prepare version 17 - beta3 . 
updated readme version 
addincluded jaxb - impl in the demo . setup 
lps - 43689 missing @ override 
pocketsphinx subset graph 
travis + start emulator 
rename api and reference doc output dirs 
lps - 59594 fix run format - source checks outside the portal 
increase the soundpoolthread queue size to 128 entries . 
remove system . out . println from fakebase64 
changes 
wip10 
update readme . md 
add gradle support 
add caching of maven artifacts to travis ci build 
bump pegasus version . 
fixed package declaration 
fix listviewgridlayoutexample fixes # 8248 
make groovyinterceptable extend groovyobject to prevent the creation of classes with inconsistant characteristics 
doesn ' t need to depend on generatewebxml as it causes it to run twice 
lps - 46229 divide bookmarks ' configuration properties into service and portlet sections . 
added spark code style settings for intellij 
updated readme 
lps - 41705 make it a debug so we don ' t squash it 
incremented version properties 
change the cluster name from devcluster to aurora 
update android gradle plugin to 1 . 0 . 0 . 
lps - 51532 - dependencies 
updated changelog 
update changes 
fix incorrect solaris / x86 native library 
make the test pass 
fixed a code typo 
don ' t wrap inline code blocks . 
lrqa - 23204 add new component for testing plugins deployment 
update to jmh 1 . 12 
incrementing the success count as well in the realtime segment impl 
update androidmanifest . xml 
lrqa - 16820 re - enable screenshots for jenkins frontend test runs 
customavsversion 2 . 9 . 3 
junit - 4 . 6 
using - - quiet for the maven build 
log errors in periodic execution 
use assertionerror for default case . 
set size = 0 after memorycache clear 
must have forgotten to commit 
pass the subscription down the chain for the subscriber . 
ds_store file has been added to . 
no email notifications from travis , please . 
fix manifest 
lps - 63062 update cache 
build for armeabi only 
disable buildlayer crash 
uses shahid ' s fork of nekohtml 
lps - 281 forgot to register the autologin 
harmless run file 
update readme . md 
removed library - sources jar from processor directory 
more of it 
minor css change 
remove unused name enum 
update readme . md 
global name ' build_test ' is not defined 
fixed broken pagination on messages page 
colored text icon 
alraedy 
adds flakytest annotation to failing acceptance test 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 49110 
update readme . md 
update jar 
update space between paragraph left & right 
delivery check needs color to show up in dark theme 
keep the since / until idea versions specified in the plugin . xml 
bump version for nondex - maven - plugin to 1 . 1 . 1 ( # 3439 ) 
update changes 
add a lombok . config file 
undertow - 481 fix response code handler default response code 
webview ' s scrollbarstyle need to be set at init 
update readme . md 
added version badge to readme 
updated refs 
update travis to play 2 . 2 . 2 - rc1 
one of the classpath path patterns in groovy - starter . 
spelling prefs icon 
bump version . 
added sample app dashboard screenshot 
updated dmg background image . 
updated copyright . 
update credits 
updated again bp to last snapshot 
beta 
test fixes - wysiwygusecase - dependencies 
add smaller sized screenshots 
make text in table wrappable 
point to sample app for more usage examples 
adding transient maven xml file for radio to . 
added permission to access network state 
remove dependency on groovy - json for compilation 
resize screenshots 
polls - service 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
update deskshare jar 
don ' t report version as outdated in case of a failed versioncheck # no_issue 
delete a . gif 
used local_shared_libraries for proper dependencies 
add an actionbar item for " add account " to the account list ( if there ' s room ) 
add german translation of login . mkd 
override travis default install script 
fix workspace env var export 
remove - dontobfuscate option from proguard 
added testng lib 
avoid launching dialogs twice from double - clicking a preference . 
remove unused dependency on rest spec in core integ tests 
 ' 0 . 17 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
turn off baseline aligment in wide show info layout . 
rename windows binary 
only test on openjdk 7 on travis , no need to tax it 
upgrade to lucene 4 . 3 . 1 
update contributing . md 
beta 
added our real encrypted keystore 
add extra android support package to travis config 
added clearinterval ( ) to fakedom 
update spongecommon to shade configurate - yaml 
add a ( mri ) tag . 
turn off fixed rate scheduling in opengl 
fix geyser rendering bug . 
removed unused import 
travis update 
author tag removed to ensure that javadoc is shown properly 
build with sdk level 18 . 
making json dependency scope = = provided . 
minor adjustment to record icon 
update news 
create draft . md 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon 
ensure only a single scroller animation callback per frame . 
revert to site phase . 
add storm - 1019 to changelog . md 
dexposed so 
another flaky test . 
update spongecommon for npe fix in spongeitemstacksnapshot . 
fix broken build due to @ remotableviewmethod 
update readme . markdown 
lazy init dictionary in nsdictionarymap , allow init with nil dictionary . 
core - 1284 memory leak in executorservice 
update mixin submodule 
maven - release - plugin updated 
added dateutils class 
bumped httpclient library version 
 ' eureka - 1 . 1 . 16 - snapshot ' . 
prep next portal - kernel 2 . 5 . 0 
lps - 48932 rename 
now , it ' s a new version 
fixed to email address for pro sign up 
added a todo 
add demo gif 
portal - profile 1 . 0 . 2 packageinfo 
set the correct version for the branch 
use fastjson last version 1 . 2 . 9 
upgraded hsqldb 2 . 2 . 6 - > 2 . 2 . 8 
lps - 67352 add check ' nowhitespacebefore ' 
lps - 35244 remove language key we don ' t use anymore 
convenience " all " target 
update readme . md 
updated changes . txt 
add missed l10n message 
update to 7 . 2 - snapshot 
index changed for priority purposes . 
added the gradle wrapper ( had been excluded in . 
remove todo comment 
updating httpasyncclient 
increment version to 3 . 2 . 0 . build - snapshot 
remove gradle caches / wrapper folders from list of source files . 
exercise capsule . tostring in tests 
create release - notes . 
added files via upload 
added newline . 
1 . 0 . 0 - rc2 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
classloader should be released from logfactory ( navis via szehon ho ) 
webapp / tld errors are not clear 
fix lighting issue for air related to 4096 fix . 
aligning version to the next version , with - snapshot 
lps - 61001 add image_uploader to build process 
fix broken link to userimpersonation . html 
keep deprecated requestfbolayer ( ) method for now . 
support gevent if only it is installed on the interpreter ( py - 14992 ) 
configured travis to build with docker . 
bump " demo " to 1 . 1 
fix internal . inmilliseconds ( ) where the offset was a byte instead 
upgrade to shiro 1 . 2 . 5 
minelevation bug 
clear cached incoming changes if updated file was found successfully ( ideadev - 17104 ) 
fix year in jme3 license 
add the css class . 
prevent site deploy on submodules ? 
push version code to 15124 . 
added a shutdown method 
lps - 67839 include the theme in the regular portal build 
discard ( ) method on the transaction object 
don ' t build with - i on travis . 
add drawable for bottom shadow 
use latest syslog4j to unbreak structured syslog parsing in some cases . 
idea - 142339 catch any type of exceptions when analyzing revision validity 
use sudo since we are compiling libunwind from sources 
newer javaapplicationstub 
active opacity for touchablehighlight should be 0 . 85 to match ios native look 
update credits 
rc - 3 / 173 version bump 
resubmit the example 
create readme . md 
added a test case of calling another script from a script 
updated library buildtoolsversion to 25 . 0 . 1 
 2 jar 
update news 
next development version 
add james boelen to authors for v1 . 3 . 5 
add a image to explain the flexbox visually for wiki . 
rename file so its title has a space in it 
added class diagram for template method 
update gradle plugin version 
added gitattributes - lf normalization 
fix build - ubertestcase could not find spreadmapoperatortest 
lps - 67878 - add new key to module 
default_xml parse options now include nonet . 
added - - info to travis . yml to get more information 
add note on apparmor profile compatability 
travis - ci before_install script path has to be local 
update android gradle plug - in to 1 . 3 . 1 
lps - 31063 fixing for flash versions 8 and 10 
update system - rules to 1 . 12 . 1 . 
webpack 
remove invariant of sample . ios . js that is not used 
update readme . md 
removed captures 
update readme . md 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 74 
travis integration , v3 , change idea version 
snapshot 
create the history table for new users 
added storm - 584 to changelog 
removes targetsdkversion 
pic 
undo changes . txt 
fix richeditor can not scroll when used the crosswalk 
update and improve dictionary 
upgrade to reflections 0 . 9 . 9 - rc2 
update to hive - presto - shaded 0 . 2 
removed unnecessary import . 
 { jetty . base } / resources not on classpath with default configuration 
added makefile for r . 
doh , really fixing the javadoc comment , sorry . 
revert " lps - 68980 disable for now ? " 
bump version 
fix width 
add travis - ci build status link 
error checking delay increased . 
add etc / nokogiri / * . 
enable caching artifacts by travis 
don ' t run codecov when jacoco is not invoked , to avoid warning email 
runafterupdate moved to getready ( ) 
add - snapshot back after 0 . 5 . 0 
update to latest android - iconics core v2 . 2 . 0 
fix typo in session event name 
updated travis 
lps - 33895 wrong class 
fixes the junit_java target . 
change name of connection viewer option 
make source pane line spacing consistent with console 
lrqa - 16625 rename 
ninja - fix cql3 version in cql . textile 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 22 
disable parallel compilation for kotlin modules 
make sdk build happy for the combined v4 binary 
00 cst 2015 
update spongecommon fro block drop context fix . 
update version of sample app 
add microbench to the module list 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
update android gradle plugin to 0 . 14 . 1 . 
moved wait_for_emulator to android examples 
add storm - 1117 to changelog . md 
deleting unnecessary html fixture 
bump parent pom version to 42 
fixed issue with the mouse button patch ( center_radius wasn ' t re - numbered correctly ) . 
testing automatic updates to devbuild . bigbluebutton . org 
ensure non - partial match for name 
update readme . md 
make validateconf cmd output to console 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 16 
prepare version 29 . 
modify makefile 
prepare for post 4 . 0 . 0 . 
removed @ override on an interface for 1 . 5 compatibility . 
favicon 
set sourcecompatibility and targetcompatibility 
update cdl . java 
added the word " premio " ( verb " premiar " ) to spelling . txt . 
update readme . md 
this isn ' t dropwizard ! 
async - http - client version 
add the servlet 3 . 0 xsd ' s 
update readme . md 
generated new wrapper jar . 
push version to 12 - beta3 , 211 . 
added the manual to the build . 
testing automatic updates to devbuild . bigbluebutton . org 
delete dead file . 
lps - 58076 - add inverse loading animation gif 
starting 0 . 6 . 1 - snapshot 
fix getiframe test helper 
change gitbook lastest version 
record the dsym . 
configured functional tests to run with forked jvm per - test , possibly hiding a memory leak problem with tests 
gradle plugin update 
 / / github . com / brianchandotcom / liferay - portal / pull / 34224 
correct the test that relied on the now deleted maven 1 build file project . properties . 
got rid of sf files . 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc11 ' . 
have getphonetype return phone_type_none for non - voice capable devices . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 68 
mention snapshot support in changelog 
gh - 533 - updated readme . md with travis ci badge . 
update version to 1 . 6 - snapshot 
lrqa - 29836 unset autodetect address to use default cluster . link . bind . addr properties 
remove unused appcompat dependency 
fixed problem in j2eeconfig . xml 
lookup size with advertisement 
idea - 120931 threads tree in " debugger " pane displays incorrect thread name 
bump the version . 
fix a bug in scansettings constructor . 
got the old start script back to allow the way to run meteor outside the build process . 
removed username attribute from webattributes class . 
wip6 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 70 
fix import error ( py - 16878 ) 
updates tinder library ( of - 1 ) 
put max number of fml log files to 3 
versioncode bump 
add change 
flags - taglib 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
h2oflowversion = ' 0 . 2 . 7 ' 
use apollo 1 . 0 . 6 
updated changelog 
added apk demo 0 . 3 . 0 
lps - 36595 lps - 37303 this should still follow a book title syntax , and not a phrase . 
removing useless how - to 
added addcontent ( element ) to jdom so most of the usages compiled against older versions of jdom will survive without recompilation . 
comment out illegal rest api argument no_confusion_matrix . 
sudo is required 
revert change in build . xml 
new image changes 
set proper file ends 
tweak to travis but not too hopeful just yet 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 99 
lps - 21636 bookmarks icon overflows when there is insufficient space 
use variables in build . gradle file 
gh - 257 updated notices file 
update splash to 0 . 8 alpha 
use advzip to reduce download size 
fix typo in conf / hive - env . 
fixed text color issue when adding lists from task edit 
update feature graphic for new icon 
upgrade to equalsverifier 2 . 1 . 4 
update compilesdkversion to 22 
update readme . md 
fix gradle issue 
adds new line at the end of file . 
add a ` defaults ` file with the available options commented out . 
update library version to 1 . 0 . 2 
 remove txmap put line 
removed " terrain . png " 
do not warn about unused initbundle constant . 
missed a parse wrapper change 
ignoring clirr warnings for com . mongodb . commandresult . getserverused 
upgraded slf4j - api from 1 . 6 . 1 to 1 . 7 . 2 
improve gallery 
progressindicator wasn ' t always set invisible when expected 
change gradle version to 1 . 8 since 1 . 11 can ' t work with netflix oss build yet . 
increase iterations to 105 
update apk 
modify target to android - 10 
adding the jpa - converter module 
removing require 
first stub at the travis ci configuration . 
add notorious enterprise / backup / data to . 
travis ci licenses 
version 0 . 9 . 3 . 
fix javadoc , there is no poller thread in nio2 . 
update gradle 
fixed cross site scripting bug in login page . 
changes 
fix cross version test naming 
add missing require for net / http in version model # no_issue 
added ` groovy ` solutions for chapter 6 
updated authors for 1 . 3 
gitingore bazel - io_bazel symlink 
added images for instructions on setting up a bigbluebutton vm 
gradle wrapper 2 . 4 
add read sd card permission 
next development version 
lps - 23630 added ' character ' as reserved word in mysql5 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
move some documentation nopass runits to pass 
update readme . md 
fixed a naming issue 
include jdk 8 in ci compilation in addition to 7 ( current implicit default ) . 
documents why core annotations are not shown in the ui ( # 1291 ) 
just a minor improvement on the " new notes " buttons . 
update readme . md 
fixes possible npe when account is disabled . 
add option button icons 
use the resolved context in contentresolver . 
updated latest version in readme . 
update readme . md 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 47 
upgraded hsqldb to match main pom . xml 
correct name of runtime suite directory 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / map / . 
linearlayout fill_parent 
fix mcoveredfadecolor setter 
added explorer2 to deploy profile 
test fixes - stagingsite / documentlibrary 
update example version 
updated changelog 
gralde to gradle 
fixed a bug 
installation wizard logo . 
beta - 1 version bump 
update readme 
add hdpi and xhdpi dark collected icon . 
gradle version updated to 2 . 8 . 
tweak css for sub - sections 
correct package declaration of verificationwithdescriptiontest 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 16 
added release jar into releases 
tweak travis again 
readme 
non null value for mavailableofflinestatus member in ocfile 
create jar artifact with test code 
removed a duplicate log in adminclient . waitforcompletion 
updating parent pom version of reporting to 1 . 3 . 0 
force exit vs trying to cleanup all threads for stress 
added sitemesh jar 
add storm - 1452 to changelog 
fixed leak in ioslocaledata . 
point at build file in build dir 
lps - 68289 increase " procedure cache size " for sybase to avoid random failures 
add support for alter table modify in cubrid 
updated changelog 
 ' 0 . 18 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
don ' t invalidate the options menu from the message list as we open a 
temporary disable web tests 
alignment in jsf forms 
updated changelog 
update routedataobject . java 
fixed findbugs warning ( inner class should be static ) 
register blockhighlighthandler class 
move test into src / test / java 
upgrade spark - 1 . 4 profile to v1 . 4 . 1 
add beacon blockstate for hopper events . 
lps - 50092 it is not possible to attach files to a thread in a message board portlet embedded in a jsp . 
test circle ci android build 
bump version number to 1 . 0 . 0 - snapshot 
snapshot 
unflipped terrain sample alphamap 
do not repeat java preprocessing as it should be done anyway 
update to 1 . 4 . 1 - snapshot 
update jira url . 
added relative path to the parent pom so that the user won ' t need to 
strip minidns in the 4 . 0 branch 
default value handling 
screenshot 
hide objectgraph ' s constructor 
language lookup seems unnecessary 
update ui submodule 
add missing test resource ( # 2 ) 
 + " jacoco " 
added invalidatemaster method to control that behaviour from outside 
update preview image 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 239 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
update issue_template . 
update readme . md 
fix double tap issue with listener # 1411 
adding namespace to document node cache in ffi 
updated changelog 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 698 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
set correct ' test ' scope on core - tests dependency 
prepare next release v0 . 91 . 2 - snapshot 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / roles / . 
better screenshot 
bump forge build to 2123 
forgot to check in strings 
remove unused import in scheduler . java 
add github method to the readme 
update flow to 0 . 2 . 29 . 
updated ioutils 
lrqa - 22780 create component name for microblogs portlet in testray 
add wheeldatepicker image 
delete packages . gz 
bump to 3 . 4 . 0 - snapshot 
advance to android 7 nougat ( # 785 ) 
tests seem to write data to tmp 
updated plan to remove existing functionality 
missing language key 
bump travis to build to api 25 
rc3 release 
lps - 35256 fix broken test 
add link to changelog 
integer instantiation 
upgrade to httpclient 4 . 2 . 1 . 
added jpg version of logo 
srcs 
updated gremlin logo . 
lower minimum android version from 2 . 2 to 2 . 1 
portal - instance - lifecycle 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
libbreakgen . jnilib for mac ( correct library ) 
make sure abstracttarget . canlaunch ( ) returns true . 
added storm - 1154 to changelog 
change the mini logo size . 
remove unnecessary max - height . 
fix build issues 
update readme . md 
affix datei korrigiert 
ironpython not support it ( trace is always none ) . 
update string . xml remove app_name 
remove extra import in businesssubscriptiontransitionrecorder 
fix changes 
update readme , remove deprecated method call 
comment out release notes section 
remove web - initializer readme as this was removed by jeff 
test for new runnable changed 
upgrade failsafe plugin . 
move hex test to hex directory 
update build tools 
remove unneeded " static " qualifier in quadtree . item interface ( thanks cyril ) 
gaussian error test removed 
update readme . md 
don ' t throw exception if daemon isn ' t running , just return false for isrpcserverrunning ( ) 
fix reading expired row value from row cache 
update project . properties 
added spring leaf for notes 
add 1 . 3 apk and qrcode 
remove junk file 
setting up gradle so we can use cordovalib as a standard android library 
push missing file 
bump version . 
update idea 32x32 win icons 
change build command for travis ci . 
ds_store banished . 
appveyor skip verify to let it cache maven repo 
fix task dependencies for site upload . 
updated to latest library version 
change version back to snapshot 
try not to always return to messagelist 
added ruud s . to contributors list 
update linux - amd64 native 
changes to config . xml 
renamed scale . raphael . js to be less confusing 
changed preferences title 
added clean . 
closes the initial add account window if a create account form is loaded . 
fix shardedjedis calls resetstate twice when using with shardedjedispool 
wildcard classpath to prevent long process name 
upgrade to jersey - netty 1 . 5 . 2 , refs # 1259 
add demo . apk 
update readme . md 
update idea version 
update readme . md 
changed version to 0 . 1 , since the 1 . 0 was just the default version which maven generates for you . 
minecraftforge / fml @ c625ef30093abb0755985c74d1f31e2c4cf6cfdd update forge signature for new private key 
remove unused views when we return to keyguard 
update readme . md 
update submodule 
config not needed aynymore 
lrqa - 14382 properties 
add ui module to ignition parent project 
update spongecommon ref . 
no need for separate ant download 
updated changelog 
rc - 1 / 337 version bump 
update news with data import improvements 
update readme . md 
removing useless class 
fix a missing switch - case break . 
revert accidental commit to return empty string array to back to null ( will address it with differetn pr ) 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / frontend - js / . 
removed word ' spint ' 
lps - 59470 - missing language key for parent - site 
add missing break 
the new snack bar hide too quick if clear previous snacks . 
don ' t send error in readyforquerylistener 
update readme . md 
added a placeholder story to the spec . 
lps - 55937 prep next version 
added storm - 1017 to changelog . 
get rid of travis ci 
added maven . src . dir property to point to src / main because of changed m2 directory structure 
explicitly specify file encoding to avoid test failure 
updated changelog 
code convention # 1 - no assertion without a message 
lps - 40377 the dockbar admin links to go to an specific section of site administration don ' t go to the first available portlet within the first section 
changed uppercase o to lower case o 
reenable a test 
update readme . md 
use new build tools 
move the simple account registration form to a separate plugin . 
update changelog 
snapshot 
better instruct maven idea plugin to not download the javadocs of the dependencies 
disable flaky obj - c test 
add art 
lps - 35930 - tags and categories selector ui are missing styling 
failure to load date formats via jna is not fatal , so we should log it using log . info , not log . error 
only show interlinewithpreviousleg where true 
scaleanimation and translationanimation gifs . 
upgrade to sonar - dev - maven - plugin 1 . 2 in order to fix it ( increase cargo timeout ) 
rename migration to avoid timestamp conflict 
property needs to be static 
majorversion 2 . 20 
update voicerouter with currentstatus = status_unknown ; while makeuturnwhenpossible is active 
add mdpi text select anchor asset 
updated changelog 
lps - 50748 move css 
add osm module to parent pom 
move branding bundle . properties to correct folder . 
bump up app version 
update integerlist . java 
changelog update 
add storm - 558 to changelog 
fixed dosleep is honored in box2d world constructor 
add missing local_c_includes 
build src jar as part of build again . 
give a useful error message when the neo4j shell script gets no command 
make / usr / share / red5 as default for red5 . home 
update readme . md 
changed license header definition file xml encoding to utf - 8 
update readme . md 
bumping pegasus version number for release . 
comment overwriting test seed 
file chooser todo 
yahoo connecting gif 
add a call to agent . shutdown ( ) at the end of clojure . lang . compile / main refs # 124 
added the jar file 
fix isusbmassstorageconnected ( ) will always return true 
adding audio_record permission 
update readme . md 
lps - 65362 fix bundle - name 
update changelog . txt 
prepared 2 . 4 . 2 - snapshot 
proguard disabled due to problems with dynamic class loading . 
add multinode to pom . xml 
lps - 4598 - removing unneeded or duplicated alloy components 
update archaius2 to 2 . 1 . 7 
fix up the makefiles and some samples . 
update readme . md 
added changelog for 
linestatustracker . createhighlighter 
added @ deprecated annotation to deprecated methods . 
fix changelog broken format 
another try at travis - ci jruby versioning . 
h2 upgrade 
rc - 1 / 299 version bump 
fix tostring ( jsonarray ) to emit object . tostring ( ) values 
set archivesbasename after groovy plugin applied . 
run helios - authentication invoker tests in circle 
removed reference to ' projectname ' property from the groovyc task . 
bump spongecommon ref . 
updated readme build instruction . 
lrqa - 13976 move ckeditor . path into the new structure 
round values of buffer_watermark_percentage 
errno missing 
clone cached hash in block . cloneasheader ( ) . 
added storm - 350 to changelog . 
specify a local . 
simulate sso 
use the method provided for changing state . 
fix for mpe generating docs 
made the build messages from the manual less verbose . 
lps - 53267 input_localized field doesn ' t gets initialized with the users language id 
lps - 49681 add america / phoenix as a default time zone option 
back to snapshot 
fixed readme 
nofeature glm test 
only build preproc when clearing the work folder 
removed manifest . 
disable failonerror for checkstyle . 
add linedashoffset to externs for canvasrenderingcontext2d . 
fixing the changelog for the pagination change . 
added matrix multiplication method names to the python spelling dictionary ( py - 15390 ) 
compile support - v4 with java 7 in gradle 
fix application zip should contain a top level dir 
otr state should be updated on each selection event 
fix travis 
replace image 2_6 and 2_7 
build fix for new multi - threading lock . 
add linear interpolator gif 
updated es / upstream 
typo of conformity . 
update readme - cn . 
switch to actively maintained fork of ctrlp plugin 
link to wiki from readme 
fix for grails - 9723 " - - nojars stopped working ( jars are included ) " 
rearranged the classes in the segmenttree 
update readme . md 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . documentlibrary . model , increment version 
new image changes 
lps - 63104 deploy to static folder 
set entry text to black ( fix # 211 ) 
travis . yml updated 
added some comment 
upgrade tomcat plugin in order to fix # 30 
add pointer to h2o - 3 repo . 
don ' t show strange exceptions on shutdown ( py - 5417 ) . 
remove duplicate build for jdk 7 from travis . 
all jdk 1 . 8 as a lower limit 
sonar - 6716 rename migration 061 to follow conventions 
update vector3 . java 
fixed retain macro for arc builds . 
changed param name to match checkstyle naming rules 
removed gwt - servlet . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 61 
timestamps for streams 
use gradle android plugin 2 . 1 . 0 
idea - 91992 git " comparing < branch > with < branch > " dialog should not be modal 
remove dead static noop method 
sonar - 5173 change the color of qualifier icons 
updated to staged url 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 44 
added simple icon to replace normal icon for astrid simple 
lps - 39399 we shouldn ' t return - 1 
uses shell at compile time 
disable travis parallel building to reduce memory usage 
remove bogus unreferenced classpathref ( cut and paste error ) 
update spongecommon for interactblockevent fix . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 40 
updates msn library with latest fixes for login accounts with no contacts and fix a npe in oim . 
remove dummy file . 
force build on os x 
change the port 
add @ smalltest for continuous tests . 
simplified build matrix . 
set target platform version in manifest 
try to trigger travis 
update bots / readme . 
updated changelog 
native binaries for portaudio linux i386 and amd64 . 
update changes 
sync - 1643 baseline 
move rendertaglib to grails - web - gsp module 
update smack ' s xmppconnection class to use inetaddress . gethostaddress ( ) instead of inetaddress . gethostname ( ) to avoid sending ptr dns request . 
modified url for issue tracking to directly show tickets for the component . 
fix tests in library 
lps - 59533 move modules 
adding ossmetadata for netflixoss tracking 
don ' t use atexit , causes problems . 
should compile the unit and integration tests 
put this back in , but dial it up a bit . 
changed the missing ` type ` to ` _all ` in " get source " test 
updating the changes file for v1 . 1 . 0 
upgrade gradle - plugin 
update readme . md 
remove print . 
hide field packer . 
prepare version 23 - beta2 . 
removed some unused stuff from core build script . 
added storm - 596 to changelog 
ejb facet , step 1 
add eclipse plugin . 
array type can be null 
next development version 
correctly handle several class filters remove 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 103 
fix xmlhttprequest . abort ( ) not functional due to incorrect lazy loading in rctnetworking objc module 
new v 
switch rsg - generator - support to use no stl , since it is pure c . 
audioflinger does not need libmedia any more 
update build . gradle 
readme . md 
added clover license 
fix @ since version 
remove printstacktrace ( ) to fix cast exception . 
wcm - 628 rename to bypass gradle - 1883 
fixed project properties 
fix memory leak and slowness in keyguard 
gradle version ( # 521 ) 
remote travis build status 
build only 
upgrade to airbase 41 
update projects_using_mpandroidchart . 
lps - 56904 move portlet properties from admin to server - admin 
added lkraz to contributors . 
lps - 56907 - update packageinfo minor version 
added openjdk 6 to the travis config 
update fatjar version . 
upgrade delve version 
bump android plugin for gradle vertion to v1 . 5 . 0 
update slf4j - simple to 1 . 7 . 13 
fix destination filename for the helios - solo zip 
lps - 55531 move filesystemstorerootdirexception to portal - service 
fix for travis 
fix developer id to reflect id in hg 
correct cname for xml . node . ns_def 
core - 1815 liquibase sdk command to easily watch database 
updating readme 
default logging to info 
update to latest android build tools 
create new analyzedsentence only when the disambiguation rule actually matched 
lps - 58120 - updating lexicon to 0 . 1 . 14 
lps - 51018 revert changes , this cause a oracle regression . 
add changes . txt entry for cassandra - 10000 
 ' 0 . 7 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
add " rescorer - provider - class " in als - example 
changed target sdk to 21 ( lollipop ) 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc4 ' . 
some sample text with dates to show sutime in action 
update faq . md 
new apk 
forgot changelog . 
remove classes from the preloaded list 
add " defaultencodeas " and " encodeasfortags " settings to taglib template 
add clover instrumentation . 
lrqa - 19074 rename database . minimal . enabled to database . bare . enabled 
flush binder buffer after setting raw heap to avoid leaking a reference . 
add missing jar file 
revert servlet change caused by kbp mess 
robert jacobson signed the contributor agreement . 
camel - 10297 camel - ftp - updated known_hosts file used for testing to make the test pass 
on android 4 . 1 events are only sent on every second menu button press 
bump travis dependencies 
use execute ( ) instead of executequery ( ) for initsql . 
gradle apply from sdk 
remove unused import 
fix iphone / googleanalytics remove delegate since it crashes xcode . 
travis build fix 
create changelog 
add needed include to nscopying + javacloneable . m . 
mlt rest test needs a mapping since we randomized number of nodes / shards 
fix bug 3425610 adjust lock sound level 
new version of lombok . patcher 
rename jsoup 
added details to todo . txt regarding android sdk 1 . 5 support . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 36 
add image for first launched display 
accidentally removed patch_minor 
update cas server version in runall . sh 
runit_demo_nopass_vi_all_algos . 
fixed wrong suite 
update readme . md 
return " unknown status " in stream module . 
finally found a great whistleblower ! 
removed unnecessary return statement in lineagefileoutstream 
add eclipse plugin 
license should show copyright owner ( idea - 152352 ) 
lps - 54919 moves layout_set_prototypes icon and copy the site_settings icon 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
update version in readme 
to english dic 
let zinc emit the scalac depfile instead of the plugin . 
update fastutil version 
making libblas optional for support lib . 
remove stray headless line - fixes # 773 
update readme . md 
 ' curator - 1 . 2 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 13388 set javac . fork default to false for building performance 
increment version to 3 . 2 . 0 . build - snapshot 
debug logging to system out so we can see it in ci servers on apache . 
add storm - 1427 to changelog 
small extractor message loading styling change 
lps - 31452 remove debugger ? 
updated changelog 
version bump to system - rules 1 . 16 . 0 
lps - 43662 - service builder 
include strings . h instead of string . h for the strcasecmp prototype . 
journal - taglib packageinfo 
add - contributing 
update apk 
specify a width 
lps - 30525 use computer number format by default in freemarker to prevent issues with locale settings 
getsize by acquiring the mutex 
updatevalues method 
updated support jar 
added storm - 682 to changelog . 
bump equalsverifier version 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / announcements / . 
revert gradle version to 2 . 1 . 3 
add a comment about the custom imap command yahoo ! needs to work right . 
update readme . md 
moved hibernate related test to grails - hibernate subproject 
fixes a segmentation fault in desktop capture on mac os x . 
fix collapsingtoolbarlayout not invalidating text 
removed river docs from master 
added guice 4 . 0 binaries to third_party . 
compare strings using equals 
update readme . md 
downgrade tabulate version to 0 . 7 . 4 ( # 1127 ) 
instruction3rmi should use format3rmi , not format3rms 
update httputils 
fix jpa tests 
bump version . 
idea - 43728 provide a way to step in a chosen thread while others remain suspended - remove dupliacted suspend_all contexts 
update version . 
add svm_print_interface 
got rid of one todo ( removed gz / tar stuff from ant , it was not used ) 
yarn - 4420 . 
providing a full path to copylocale to get bbb - client to build again in hudson . . . let ' s see if this works 
prepare release astyanax - 0 . 8 . 11 - snapshot 
provide a more helpful synopsis for hackage 
add clover license 
update spongecommon ref 
update changelog for the 
update readme . md 
fix failing test , account for url - mappings - report 
updated sample for release 0 . 6 . 1 
fix javadoc error on getat ( map , object ) 
lps - 33930 asset publisher - pagination options not displaying in portlet when set to either regular or simple pagination type . 
update to release 
upgrade to android 5 . 1 ( api 22 ) 
hhh - 2166 - remove @ override annotations for 1 . 4 
updated the changelog 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / hello - world / . 
update readme . md 
upgrade to version 12 of guava 
include reloading agent in scripts build 
lps - 65920 deprecate core chat portletkey 
make travis use the latest xcode image 
added baksmali module to the main pom 
remove unused statement in build . gradle 
lps - 53259 - back icon in header taglib is should be aligned with header 
the maven - war - plugin does not failed on missing web . xml 
update readme . md 
add storm - 1125 to changelog . md 
updated changelog 
npe on stop ( only threadstop should set thread to null , or it needs a sync ) . 
fix test to also include the mapper - size 
update samples app version 
new verison of actionbarsherlock 
fix wordpresseditor example build 
revert back hdfs user value in kerberos tempto config 
unknown < anton and lera @ . 
update changelog 
fix driver stop handling 
reverted terminal dependency . 
jarjar upgraded to version 1 . 0rc7 
changelog for 0 . 9 . 0alpha2 
fix wasinthepast 
adds smackx - debug to our smacklib to make debugging easier when necessary 
disable honeycomb gallery sample from upcoming release . 
fix for grails - 5402 " cannot release plugin due to missingpropertyexception on releaseplugin script " 
lps - 55937 prep next version 
lps - 66024 move to unit test 
update readme . md 
fix a typo in a test method name . 
is_eap = true 
prepare for 2 . 1 . 0 release 
remove unnecessary " new diagnosticgroup ( ) " call in diagnosticgroups 
lps - 43399 turn off buffered increment for integration tests 
publish feed with dialog 
format - > check 
added " neo technology " to the copyright remark 
remove error case 
fix merge - commit hell 
adds needed iterator include . 
remove changes line for 7149 as it was not pulled forward 
lps - 60569 update patch to gradle 2 . 9 
add back missing images 
initial commit of applet - jni test . 
update pom file 
updated changelog 
rename readme . textile to readme . md 
icons for listener and jspx file type 
add csignal include 
update readme . md 
revert " remove spurious @ override . " 
fix travis 
use latest npm on travis 
 ' 0 . 19 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
create configuration - dns . 
move inmemorypaginateddatasource to the correct package 
update specs version 
moved console to core 
update library reference 
stupid error on the bat 
manually revert a single - line error inserted by openjdk . 
fixed checkstyle errors 
run ' doc ' in travis 
add iphone 6 and iphone6 + launch images 
lps - 56692 update bundleversion to 2 . 0 . 0 since api has broke backwards compatibility 
fixed library compilation script 
upgrade gradle - extra - configurations - plugin 
run circleci tests on the latest version of node 
lps - 43621 delete group configurations before the group gets deleted 
notnull 
assert that we ' re not using the size of a freed memory region ( a sign of reference - counting bugs ) 
set version to 3 . 0 
missing changes . txt for yarn - 2503 . 
corrected persistence setting for demo chart 
fix chmod ( # 41 ) 
update readme . md 
make create_embedded_tools . 
change uploadarchives to uploadpublished for signing condition 
update travis . yml 
testing build of bigbluebutton - apps 
removed gdx - mavenizer submodule , what a pain in the ass . . . 
updated changelog 
use ant instead of buck for building dx . 
new todo items 
add checkstructdictinheritance so it is suppressible . 
flush hash map after compacting references 
reminder about updating the maven plugin documentation 
everything defaults to 1 . 6 
spaces as indentation 
update readme . md 
add high level application architecture diagram 
update readme . md 
hadoop - 13524 . 
add root package . json name back 
add spring . provides for the hornetq starter 
fixed checkstyle error ( empty exception handler ) . 
remove uneeded scope tag from pig - lucene pom 
check mwebviewcore to prevent potential npe . 
removed required flag for gemdirectory 
update contacthelper . java 
update readme . md 
add fetch task to gradle script 
slf4j upgrade 
added a null check 
point to runit_rf . 
adding jvm and maven config to ensure site build passes 
remove accidentally - committed empty file which causes junit to fail . 
fix test in language - java 
fixed test that was failing because i added another grails script . 
remove graylog2 - rest - client git submodule 
update feature graphic 
 - update commons - csv library 
correct vagrant boxes memory allocation 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0b4 
add gradle caching to travis . 
remove testfile 
 / / b / issue ? id = 2086835 ( unlock pattern graphics misaligned ) . 
call oddatasetchanged ( ) in listremoteviewsfactory constructor to guarantee that task list is populated . 
should execute the sonarqube script 
change version number to 1 . 8 . 22 
update version . sbt 
prepare for next release 
lrqa - 28826 add most viewed asset portlet to the test . properties 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 603 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
make viewholder class public 
keep util class ( support info ) 
update readme 
changed commandlinerunner to public , as i believe that was the intention according to 
making libblas optional for support lib . 
correct popupwindow spaceabove calculation . 
move test to nopass . 
upgrade es upstream 
mark field as final . 
added " property " as a keyword identifier . 
add storm - 1262 to changelog 
fix test data , restore incorrectly deleted import 
setting version tp 1 . 0 . 5 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
use default assert eventually timeout in replicatedmapreadyourwritestest 
added libsox - dev to apt - get install line in order to resolve all dependencies 
can ' t access static field from nested closures 
correct java requirement 
don ' t notify on appveyor build success 
fix permalink to represent its current dir 
opensslengine remove unecessary rejectremoteinitiatedrenegation call 
lps - 10836 remove local address after do local method for unitcast situation 
updated changelog 
forgot authors for last change 
add go to readme 
bumped parent versions from 2 - snapshot to 2 
updated guice to use latest tck . 
updates library support 
readme 
add storm - 1676 to changelog . md 
add storm - 1862 to changelog 
add missing newline to . 
lookupcellrenderer . getname ( ideadev - 10218 ) 
add min sdk comment 
update maven wagon to 2 . 10 
update to newest build tools version 
terrorist version bump 
update readme . md 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 123 - snapshot 
fix misusage of nsuinteger * in rctimagestoremanager 
accidentally committed a vim swp file 
lps - 24206 set text color when we set the background color so that text remains legible 
removed rakefile . 
lps - 55937 prep next version 
update readme for updated version 
changed the uri of the submodule repo 
war / src / main / webapp / skins / ease / images / 404 . 
disabled failing test 
exposed chunkcache . worldobj to public pr # 383 
thirdeye - 518 make clicking intra - day time more intuitive 
reverting surefire version override ( 2 . 4 . 2 ) 
wire numbers shouldn ' t be converted ( assertion fix ) 
new functiongraphic 
revert to old version count for build testing 
value for smallicon is required 
prepare version 21 . 1 . 3 . 
new image changes 
upgrade mvn release plugin 
update server . md 
update spongecommon 
update build . properties 
exclude tests 
ko option 
lps - 56245 move document_library_admin folder to osgi module 
added storm - 361 to changelog . 
update nes controller key layout 
updated the changelog 
update jmh from 1 . 11 . 2 - > 1 . 13 
trying to fix travis errors 
remove unknown topology . acker . tasks config 
fix broken broken varelaround - regular . 
hive - 1547 unarchiving operation throws npe 
upgrade mysql driver from 5 . 1 . 35 to 5 . 1 . 35 
prepared patch for drlvm tests . 
starting 0 . 5 . 5 - snapshot 
added version for plugin . 
update readme . md 
switched to 2 . 1 - snapshot 
move file to correct dir 
update readme . md 
degrading severity of return in else clause to warning . 
add parcelcreator to lintoptions , it don ' t need parcel creator for the sub - class of messagesnapshot 
add heron deployment img ( # 817 ) 
test tuple0 is properly mapped / unmapped 
another file to fix the issues groovy - 675 and groovy - 700 
added a pdf version of the faunus logo character . 
readded git link that was erraneously removed by the rebase 
update spongecommon 
lps - 58931 update the zip to the current portal version 
update changelog . md 
libgdx - 64 . 
updated jdk version for travis 
added note on preference 
lrqa - 22164 update poshi runner version 
update jar 
fix comment of db migration 915 
remove a random blank line . 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portal . kernel . exception new class localizedexception , increment version to 6 . 3 . 0 
update readme . md 
add image for examples of confirming and acknowledgement 
fixed py - 2679 doubled django test cases 
added plugins to . 
snapshot 
make packagefactoryapparatus # getpackagelocator public . 
update readme . md 
fixed forgotten module in parent pom . xml 
enable between test 
style tweak . 
add launcher testruntime dependency to plugindevelopment 
ninja - remove redundant text type from native proto spec ( v2 ) 
update lwjgl to latest experimental build for os x 
prepare version 25 - beta3 . 
check mnativeclass ! 
set number_of_replicas to zero so that wait_for_green succeeds in search . aggregations 
compositeshader , add unimplemented method to fix warning 
ignoring test that is redundant for com . zaxxer . hikari . pool . testconnectiontimeoutretry . testconnectionretries ( # 678 ) 
fix list - advanced demo 
 modules for logging 
assembly plugin caused execution twice ! 
make md volatile to be sure there are no threading issues 
sample - 1 . 0 . 3 
update readme . md 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 6 
update readme . md 
 ' curator - 1 . 2 . 7 - snapshot ' . 
changed pom to output first 30 test failures instead of just 3 
remove @ incubating from getprojectdirectory since this is not an experimental api 
fix not to db reinit by default 
update readme . md 
servercontainerprovider was removed from jsr - 356 
update to latest iconics - core with the update android support library v23 . 1 . 1 
update versions . txt 
readd the divider below the header for the sample app 
use white as background color for code 
dummy checkin 
example config should not include presto - main directory 
upgrated libraries for graphdb distribution 
updated changes . txt for french and esperanto . 
added provided scope for findbugs 
update travis command 
clicklistener , touch up doesn ' t mean the mouse is no longer over . 
fixed the process of closing the right - hand side menu after user clicks one of the buttons . 
fixed run sh syntax 
bump version to 1 . 7 . 0 
updating copyright field 
added issue number to test method 
update 0 . 127 release notes 
update library reference 
add 2 terms to spelling . txt 
removed unecessary bindview call 
added version 2 . 15 . 2 to maven - scala - plugin . 
add self to contributors list ( # 301 ) 
do not use deprecated - # flag of tail 
bump version for api change 
update readme . md 
change default notebook type to html 
updated docs to use v1 . 4 . 1 as current 
change jar 
mark abstract class as abstract 
add 2 new screenshots 
apply typeahead style over bootstrap 
set default locale to english 
added break to exit loop on first match 
add travis badge 
update version = 1 . 5 . 1 . 4 
updated changelog 
update changelog 
lps - 60160 forgot @ override 
updating title to " connecting hardware devices " 
added storm - 1078 to changelog . 
prepare version 17 . 
read / write by multiple threads outside sync - needs to be volatile 
added spawnreason . slime_split . 
remove spurious ' e ' 
document changes for english 
added todo 
change ribbon version to 2 . 0 - rc9 . 
small readme update 
update to latest encog 
update spongecommon for decay event fixes . 
moved files into theme to fix broken pages . 
fix typo in html5 externs ( mutationobserver . previoussibling ) 
add unique to python 
adds configuration fragment requirements for intellij_info_aspect . 
update readme . md 
lps - 50000 - dependencies , properties 
decrease width of editor gutter 
lps - 22044 oracle - ora - 00942 error on startup when using a minimal database . 
bump our default target to android - 6 since the current sdk doesn ' t offer 
favicon for download site 
build greendao 3 . 2 . 0 - snapshot . 
updated upgrading section 
bump to the next version 
reordering the build repositories in the hope that this fixes the jenkins build . 
changed break extension to have 2 buttons for breaking on request and / or response 
added android level 19 to travis config 
updated builtin framework to sdk api14 . 
change back button 
add missing @ since annotation 
update jackson dependency in docs . 
make ' grails - codecs ' a runtime dependency to ensure it gets added to the classpath 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 1 
fix device preview styles 
fixed readme 
pixel flinger needs to set egl_renderable_type to egl_opengl_es_bit 
added header id for customizations . 
added comment about zlandroidimagedata 
lps - 49224 sf 
upgraded junit 
rename editor / analytics projects in build files 
fixed code for demojob 
wrap on typing option for python 
changed bin version to snapshot ( # 77 ) 
aapt needs a buffer larger than 1 mb on the host to decode resources . arsc from sdk / android . 
a bit more tidying of the layout of modules 
missing field for stream 
changelog update 
upgrade to elasticsearch 1 . 6 . 0 
fix typo in subtree merge directions 
update to getglue - java 1 . 2 . 1 . 
correctly reset fragmentedopcode on ws frame completion ( @ daviesian ) 
adding getaways . png asset 
lps - 23351 source formatting 
snapshot 
update changelog . txt 
removed mention of maven build . 
revert " update version to 1 . 1 . 1 - snapshot and code version to 6 " 
move atari_small . png to the right directories . 
exclude weld - core from javadoc ; fixes jbpapp - 9155 exposed private api in zip and rpm javadoc distribution . 
added python - helpers to . 
overflow . 
update readme . md 
to jb dic 
rename link to demo app to linktodemo . txt 
lps - 26902 syntax error in tree_js . 
lps - 64935 packageinfo 
fix while example link 
remove unneeded plugin imports 
dont install groovy / expression plugins 
re - enable lint check 
new download icon 
update version 
version bump 
add art assets 
allow system user to get secrets from keystore . 
update fml with recent tick fix 
lps - 52217 rename portal - test to keep consistency with portal - test - internal 
new sort - by and reverse - sort icons by vincent lum 
pushchanges after commitreleaseversion 
upgrade to assertj 3 . 5 . 2 
add ' clustering ' to the list of non - reserved keywords ( cql3 ) 
remove $ revision keyword from files in jasper / * * 
don ' t always build in parallel , as the maven wagon stuff is not threadsafe . 
fixing classpath for the javadoc - compiler 
servlets do not support async by default 
enforce publicreferencetoprivatetypecheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
update spongecommon ref . 
new gremlin logos . 
don ' t delete the local r packages 
set sidebar to 30 % width 
remove the launcher filter from the androidmanifest as per # 57 
dll - > pyd 
bump version number to 2 . 1 . 0 - rc . 1 
analysisscope $ . 
full set of images in the pycharm icon 
update fmj ( rev 115 ) 
add newline at eof . 
dll files are binary as well . 
remove local testing file 
 - voldemort admin tool ' s write binary entries had a oom bug 
remove eclipse project name customization 
update version in package . json to 0 . 6 . 0 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - configuration / . 
drop + co . yu from changes file now that it ' s been removed from the google domains list . 
test fixes - sodocuments - dependencies 
update ios / appiraterplugin / readme . 
mention changes to german rules 
update to flow 0 . 2 . 24 
add text for android . os . storage 
updated sample . 
removed apache warnings from proguard 
more javaautopopuptest test assertions 
update android natives 
fix possible double socket close 
followup to r1310392 
resizemode is not a nativeonly prop 
use the same stop 
use hardware acceleration on sample app . 
auto_sortmerge_join_5 is getting stuck on tez ( gunther hagleitner ) 
test fixes - somydocuments - dependencies 
update spongecommon 
update readme with read - only git url 
host . apk 
updated travis script 
changelog update 
upgrade to netty 3 . 6 . 0 
use the new android 2 . 0 - style sdk value for this field so it compiles 
add new header graphic 
fixed to close the correct preparedstatement . 
bump the version to 1 . 2 . 9 - dev 
update to airbase 17 
update lib sources 
fix bug 2544916 - fun with abslistview touch mode 
remoteinterface . java with new intent . data procedure . 
update commons - io to 2 . 4 
minecraftforge / fml @ 9c96ca4402e4c231285f170281dd543bfffa191a fire a custom packet channel registration / deregistration event , for any mods that care about that kind of thing 
update ' modules / apps / screens / . 
corrects srcdir property 
make threads used by listeninpoolthread daemon , since the mere act of creating a listenablefuture isn ' t expected to keep a process alive . 
update websettings . previous_version 
fix description 
fix typo 
upgrade gradle to match upstream . 
prepare for next development iteration 
updated version 
refresh annotations dir during setup 
trivial javadoc commit to trigger a ci build 
actually fix csv export on stream results filter on that stream 
new config for es5 . 0 yml 
moved some typedefs to private_typedefs . 
update changes 
include stdlib to fix sim build 
upgrade to apache commons email 1 . 3 . 3 
add platform tools 
update gradle configuration 
make restorableewma a static inner class 
increase memory for test 
fix nullpointerexception in xml . tostring ( object , tagname ) 
update changes files 
update to latest grizzly release . 
lps - 65522 prepare root dir for web form plugins 
update travis to use build tools and support v23 
add transition screenshots 
added little bit more visual output from the test 
add android - rt module 
upgrade to netty 3 . 6 . 3 
initial frameworks / base / telecomm check in . 
update test turn lanes 
upgrade to logback 1 . 0 . 6 . 
updated changelog 
abs extra project should be marked as a library so other projects can depend on it 
readme updates 
added relativepath to the parent pom so that the automated build scripts doesn ' t complain 
use the most recent release of guava . 
rc - 1 / 167 version bump 
changing usage of carrier name field of subinforecord 
link to api docs 
include docs as part of release . 
adding test key ( copied from old source trunk ) 
whoops forgot to add current . txt . 
removed unneeded test . 
added storm - 1634 to changelog 
bumping up release plugin version 
update todo . md 
added new showcase image 
upgrade to mongodb 2 . 6 . 1 
fix for # 810 the vcolor varying wasn ' t set for vertex colors . 
set version for release 
update changelog . txt 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0b2 
changed kernel to depend on the latest version of parent central 
exclude groovy - all as a transitive dependency from gpars 
fix keyguard landscape layout on phones 
bold action name . 
update readme . md 
added scanner for 1 . 3 . x compat 
add reference to resolved issue 
optimized pulser disable slightly 
added run to build . gradle ( to run benchmarks ) 
generate small . framework to build_dir 
print gc detail and vm flags for benchmarks 
update readme . md 
readme update 
removed default locale to ensure new users are prompted for their choice of language 
attempt to release new mockit beta 
had destination_key wrong on the build model . 
update spongecommon 
moved checkstyle to run before integration tests . 
small dataset splitframe intermitent test removed 
system . gc removed 
increase text layout cache size in bytes 
moved java file from groovy to java 
lps - 68839 rename to default . xml 
skip lint errors 
added steve as a contributor 
cross - build for 2 . 9 . 0 . 
prepare version 24 - beta3 . 
fixed last bug on studio 
fix workspace item selection 
dummy file to avoid errors after checkout ( no res folder ) 
upgraded to apiviz 1 . 2 . 3 . 
replace log4j reference with logback . 
changed properties for osmand 
fix incorrect if - statement in rctgeolocation 
add session overlay for cmake 
fixing the name of the sort icon for hdpi 
explicitly specify jspc version 
fix shadowing of gridview . 
check all weak references 
update copyright . 
use thread name 
updated travis . yml buildtools version to 23 . 0 . 3 
gets rid of deprecated ` runproguard ` and uses new ` minify ` 
 ' 1 . 1 . 141 - snapshot ' . 
add gfm input back but disable hard wrapping so we can have better formatting . 
update to latest robolectric version . 
added new contributor szymon jachim 
jetbrains . dic + " dockerfile " 
update readme . md 
remove debug logging in divider draw 
update actor . proto 
change groupid to com . higherfrequencytrading for release into maven central 
add property com . sun . management . jmxremote . port to allows debugging with visualvm / jconsole 
re - release 4 . 1 . 2 with ' final ' qualifier 
update protoparser to the latest . 
remove warning about building summary2 . 
changed target sdk in ignition location lib project 
fixed gradle build instructions in readme 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 11 . 1 
fix issue with state reset 
dsgn - 869 new icons for task management 
forgot to check in this file . 
fix travis env 
print npm version on travisci builds 
readme for idea_runner 
fix a crash . 
create readme . md 
removes capitalize from chat title 
 ' eureka - 1 . 1 . 74 - snapshot ' . 
remove truth 0 . 27 since 0 . 28 is there since quite a while . 
thank you very much , @ stericson ! 
fix helios cli by not minimizing shaded jar 
updated changelog 
rename legacy config name in development properties 
update news 
initial ui sized so no button text truncated 
zeppelin server doesn ' t catch all exceptions when launching interpreter . sh 
lps - 30620 webdavpropslocalserviceimpl is doing write in a read - only transaction 
bump to scala 2 . 8 . 1 . 
remove pidfile at stop time 
updated versionname 
log info about failed attempt to force mapped buffer 
removed italics from note_block_user_header 
hhh - 8147 - update to use distribution plugin for createing release bundles 
put in the standard thing that prints out the seed and sets it if command line arg is used 
update readme . md 
release version 1 . 2 . 5 . 
update build . gradle 
added additional dash to readme to make it optically nicer . 
release version 4 . 0 . 0 . 
inmemoryresource . equals ( ) is wrong . 
for manually testing office integration - copied from the old en . odt 
removed misleading code from usage document 
to english dictionary 
create a plugins . sbt file for required build plugins - currently just the sbt - pgp plugin . 
fixed accidentely removed call to " java " from bin / robovm . 
whoops add a line separator . 
updated gif 
added eric peters as author 
dont npe if the thumbnail file cannot be opened . 
upgrade to asset pipeline 3 . 1 . 4 
do not back up / restore the rotation - related settings 
update linked binary to r6 . 
fix travis build to work with sdk 23 
updated changes . txt 
moved to xdocs 
update readme . md 
remove elegantpresentations import 
simplified return statement ( and null check ) 
update readme . md 
updated gradle version in readme 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 142 - snapshot 
added link to validate changes 
journal - content - asset - addon - entry - common 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
updated changes . txt 
upgraded maven - release - plugin to version 2 . 1 . 
removed volatile on _ok . 
lps - 67352 add check ' requirethis ' 
init and update submodules during gradle build . 
fatal error , this was overwriting any other window . plugins . 
test 
add deprecated application . properties to skeleton 
adds lintoptions to library . 
add missing super in test 
suppress test class with unused fields 
remove ' inner . unsubscribe ' 
increment snapshot version 
minecraftforge / fml @ b9f4b02cb0b041594656f05de70225df702a8ddd kill mcp ' s truncate method , for more useful logs . 
the / etc / go directory is now chowned by go on server upgrade . 
add jvm argument to failsafe plugin configuration 
version 1 . 2 . 0 - snapshot 
enable testing of snippet in heroku chapter ( # 248 ) 
update readme . md 
lps - 63792 rename 
suppressing deprecation warning in a test 
fix style on build . gradle 
guarding moved pass checkregexp with skipnontranspilationpasses flag . 
remove mention of libmysql - java 
downgrade prokey version number 
update external avro test program for updated data set signatures . 
lps - 17039 the message for the user should be " go to control panel " to match the terminology of the dockbar 
lost icons 
new deployment descriptor icons 
properly set back sslparameters , see # 810 
increment version by travis ci build 144 
lps - 20426 fix xss issue in my places taglib 
just change the unit test name inside 
moved res directory for eclipse . 
apt version update 
indicate that hsql is not recommended for production use 
updated to a new snapshot 
speed up todo 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 153 
fixed wrong upload destination for docs . 
renamed autocompletedemo to match class name 
sonar - 2279 fix injection 
css and js icons 
tostring 
cz - > cs 
make sure level is initialized ( prevent compiler warning ) 
limit caja ' s binaries use to tests . 
fix searchview collapse on text input . 
link to docs in readme 
actually return the registry entry , not null . 
update readme . md 
idea - 18976 ( intellij can ' t detect i ' m working on a branch using svn 1 . 5 . 1 ) 
added missing $ mdsidenav . islockedopen method . 
fixed determinecommitid task so that it actually uses the result of running ' git ' . 
updated changelog 
shared_selector is used with double checked locking so it needs to be volatile 
lps - 62787 add missing build . xml 
install dejagnu 
don ' t activate chrome when debugger is already open 
downloading dependencies for apps 
removed osgi integration temporarily from build - - it is missing code after migrating over from apoc - bundle 
documented merging server with port 
update maven - overlay - installation . 
update changelog 
fix test - dependencies 
correct apt name in readme . 
add missing changelog entry 
missing return in svg ' s getcoords 
added storm - 1543 ot changelog 
prepare for next release 
removed tag roboguice - 1 . 1 
add release notes 
adding a description for build - docs task 
update changelog for storm - 461 
bumped parent - pom - > 7 
minecraftforge / fml @ 7fecf2ad6bdd918149a3c43453f6a78bd11e5404 update mcp url . 
delete test files directory when userguide sample tests finished 
missed changes . txt for cassandra - 1382 
prepare version 21 . 1 . 0 - beta1 . 
update xss in test / cassandra . 
added getname ( ) method . 
travis status badge 
updated changelog 
travis config updated 
removed tag flyway - parent - 1 . 6 
tweak to build file to remove spurious classes generated during a build 
add flag to offline docs build to signal 
add mockito jar for testing . 
add analysis - icu module 
update readme . md 
readme update 
keep all jna methods ( some of them are accessed from native code ) 
upgrade to gradle 2 . 6 
removed ' set - e ' that was preventing bbb - record - - debug from processing more log files 
update android support libraries to 24 . 2 . 1 . 
changed spring - test scope to " provided " 
updated maven shade plugin to version 2 . 1 
remove redundant static modifier 
fix buffer leak in outputchannel 
remove dist version suffix 
rename 
update travis build - tools to 23 . 0 . 3 
updated changelog for storm - 294 
update analysis . asciidoc 
migrate apache commons collections jar file 
kafka - 950 ; leader election rate may be reported on a non - controller ; patched by jun rao ; reviewed by sriram subramanian 
i ' d like to take a shot at the gpath expressions section . 
zeppelin - 37 initial travis - ci configuration was added 
lps - 53577 update ticket number for replacing breadcrumb display styles with adt 
react , and component should now be imported from ' react ' , not ' react - native ' . 
update spongecommon for inventory drop fix . 
added sdocbook url 
updated todo 
do not include . 
fix groovy - 226 . 
add set - eu to scala versions script 
spring - build updates 
use 1 . 0 . 2 release of angular 2 profile 
delete straying pyc file 
add missing commit ( ) 
add javadoc jar to artifacts . 
minecraftforge / fml @ 0b84b6aa297bdf6ab9f010e340f286442cb242dc expose the state of the loader 
update readme . md 
resource test 
lps - 46191 move test classes around to make them accesible to everybody 
push version to 198 and 11 - beta1 . 
fix for - kind of ugly for the moment , but render the folder config popup as a popup . 
more memory for ant build 
fix bug where console jumps to top 
version bump 
jetbrains . dic + " implementors " 
new field can be final 
idea - 66995 ae at com . intellij . openapi . components . impl . componentmanagerimpl . getcomponent 
update readme . md 
cache all changing / dynamic deps for 24 hours . 
update checker framework to 1 . 8 . 7 . 
fix so that the trait will end up in the right place in the jar . 
lps - 66136 move icon 
implemented new constructor in embeddedneo . 
add storm - 1920 to changelog 
added travis command 
these seem to pass now ( was nofeature ) 
add maven repository metadata jar 
update spongecommon ref 
add a exception log for javassistproxyfactory static initiaiization . 
added cdv 230 example 
remove undefined methodcall in afterclass 
update readme . md 
refined en rules 
updated readme 
start of release 0 . 10 . 1 - snapshot 
fix for build type for windows 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
ignoring clirr warnings for missing writeconcernexception method / constructor 
the robovm script will now work properly with whitespaces in quoted arguments and with escaped whitespaces . 
missed spark_repo in vagrant extra_var 
gitrepository . getpresentableurl ( ) as a shorthand for getroot ( ) . 
added some notes to changes . txt 
add google - internal memory consumption tests for all top - level multiset implementations . 
update buildtoolsversion to 23 . 0 . 1 
test patched < gant > task and andbuilder , that respects unknownelements 
fix travis build 
serialize without output stream 
temporarily disables the msn test suite so that we could have a new build . 
fixed " mvn deploy " - > " mvn verify " 
bump version 
lps - 34634 property explanation 
add a section for plugin extensions 
added guillaume as a contributor 
relax flow jest - cli regex 
revert " use latest travis - utils " 
add abs as dependency to library ( fix # 559 ) 
update spongecommon for setlocation fix . 
build and test with java 7 , cache gradle home between executions 
padding 
updated library reference 
create readme . md 
documented publish api with optional removal 
todo 
revert back to gp - bouncycastle build 
source code disclosure - web - inf folder ( java source code ) 
translation note added 
smart step into can ' t find a line with lambda , while step into can - minor extra fix 
reset to blank if no placeholder is set 
update apache commons lang to 3 . 4 , issue # 899 
build the 1 . 0 streaming jar so signing doesn ' t freak out . 
try to reduce oomes by forking a new jvm 
jenkins not working due to old svn 
updating readme 
test fixes - cpakismetwikitestcase - test . properties 
update build tools . 
switch to next development version 
add typecheck . deterministic_test check to " suspiciouscode " group . 
fixing first - of - type 
there should be a mandatory coder ' s license . 
update spongecommon for async command fix . 
remove weird import from previous commit . 
make gwt less spammy for travis ci builds by changing its log level to info . 
chasecamera ( not working yet ) 
add conf / tachyon - env . 
switch worditerator ' s breakiterator to icu4j 
missed file . 
commented out the package tag used by javadoc plugin , because javadoc was confused 
feeling blessed to have @ smarek in our team now . 
update readme . md 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 13 
revert " force using supported cipher suites for http / 2 " 
update news 
updated for 2 . 7 . 2 . 
added build script 
increase the allowed time for class - reloading in testreloading ( ) to improve test stability when load is high 
update readme . md 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / hello - soy / . 
upgrade trunk to release version of ivy 
added workspace . xml of example - vfs to . 
proper coloring of gradient box text . 
bumped docs version to 2 . 5 . 0 
added data science doc to h2o - dev docs site ( 1st new file ) 
lps - 56913 close connection to mail store to prevent some mail servers from running out of connections 
update for k - means tutorial 
minor update to version . txt so that release - 9 branch can be made 
lps - 52740 language properties 
updating the gradle build for test to use the latest 
updated changelog 
delete readme2 
don ' t run the accuracy tests as part of the default gradle build 
switching to awscli 
trying out an older version of release plugin 
move benchmark release to 1 . 3 
update readme . md 
suggest potential tags in the first unused row . 
removed cycletables from upgrade 
fix applicationinfo copy ctor 
alpha - 10 / 267 version bump 
fix pmd rule config 
jndi is always enabled , so property is redundant 
update reference to oc library after increasing timeout for last chunk 
remove unnecessary subclassing psiclass in marker interface 
update the changelog file 
temporary fix for components grey background on linux and windows xp . 
eclipse generates . 
fix isregistered 
test 
missing jar 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon for observer block fixes 
 ' 1 . 1 . 145 - snapshot ' . 
try increasing ram for the gradle tests 
update readme . md 
prepare version 21 . 1 . 1 . 
deleted 
add change for schema translator fix 
removed test where splitframe needs to be removed 
bump version 
deleted dummy class 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 1 . 6 
airplane file change 
lps - 9873 moving or removing portlet an instanciable portlet doesn ' t work for community administrators because of a permission problem 
update spongecommon for chunk populate fix . 
getcurrentconnectivity should resolve with object 
fixed exclusion on javassist jar as we use the smx bundle instead 
added some logging to nodeenvironmenttests . testdeletesafe 
added / largeaddressaware linker option to windows build . 
removed extra whitespace in urlmappingutils 
update spongecommon ref for click inventory fix . 
fix change . txt for the contributor ' s name 
no jdk6 testing as web is jdk7 and 6 is also not really required for android anylonger 
pom parallel - tests profile to exclude problimatic test 
removing removeoutheader from jaxb . index 
updated infographics . 
resolve # 215 update readme for @ index annotation 
move queuefile to ' io ' package . 
update support module 
default to deploy all wars 
operationfailure in messagecollection model if the collection did not yet exist 
gradle debug verbosity for travis 
set hadoop version to 2 . 6 . 0 for travis tests 
update pairs with michael haddad 
readme update 
fix codebar right padding . 
update readme for 2b8cea48a9968e7bf845a0de2abe1fa8e4c184f2 
update readme . md 
removed a trailing log 
updated changes 
upgraded maven javadoc plugin to 2 . 9 in order to fix javadoc generation 
refactor name of gbm quantile runit 
add numpydoc to requirements 
updated readme . md 
do not load twice web services from plugins for a fresh installation 
updated ioutils 
updated changelog 
added sams name ( damn i got distracted , meant to do this some time ago ) 
minor tweak on compileoptions annotation processing api 
revert back the height in the activity demo 
not skipping test when creating package 
release version 1 . 2 . 3 
temporary fix to allow generating idea for core - impl project . 
fixed enforcer version range 
adding travis build file 
update travis config 
update build tools 
update readme . md 
added bookmarks to xep list 
update readme . md 
upgrade to netty 3 . 10 . 6 . 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
pass path to notebook save listener by value 
don ' t flush root node if there is not much output ( idea - 157793 ) 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 0 - beta 
bump alpha - 4 code 
added changelog 
push version to 11254 . 
bump up version number again . 
cleanup ( obsolete var , idea - cr - 6115 ) 
retina quality for web icon 
fix style 
update forge to 11 . 14 . 3 . 1521 
update android gradle plugin to 0 . 12 . 0 
update gpg plugin 
lps - 33042 editing a blog post through the new inline ckeditor is not tracked as social activity 
source jars are missing sources for classes written in groovy 
fixing jspeex lib - compile with java1 . 5 
increase target version 
update to apache poi 3 . 7 
gsmservicestatetracker # getphone should be protected not public . 
updated parent version . 
remove the unused manifest file 
upgrade jdbi to 2 . 34 . 
added missing @ incubating . 
add project files to . 
added velocity . log to . 
update readme . md 
moved to multi_jvm 
build - tools - 22 . 0 . 1 
fixed a bug where notification y positions would animate 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 11 
upgrade to parent pom version 30 
add javassist , needed by msgpack 
bumps version codes for snapshot 
lps - 38098 move searchpaginatorutil to make it visible to searchcontainer - no logic changes 
add " perflib " from tools - base module to build 
update readme . md for ios / paypalplugin 
stop cloning the localization repo for travis builds . 
gbm pyunit to pass 
jal - 35 add image notes to non - proprietary licenses 
update fastadapter to v1 . 5 . 2 
incremented version properties 
lps - 51081 prep next version 
exclude the log files used for tests 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 152 " 
r / m obsolete and unnecessary rpc_timeout_in_ms override from test config 
removing duplicate function p . ortho ( ) 
re - add ( dperecated ) addsourcefile ( file ) 
exposed resource name in process definition interface 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
update jar 
moved inmemoryxmlapplicationcontext to test src as it is only used in tests . 
null out namedwriteableregistry in basequerytestcase 
update library reference for release - 1 . 5 . 6 
fix maven ' s version override warning 
fixed conflict in pom . xml 
update news 
added supported jdk 
don ' t build feature branches on travis until a pr is opened 
notifications icon changed 
grails - 7626 - copy src / war / web - inf to grails home on " . 
changelog 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon for spawn gen fix . 
added slack integration to travis build . 
upgrade to shiro 1 . 3 . 0 ( # 2542 ) 
add storm - 1110 to changelog . md 
increase size of code font 
adding cache of maven dependencies 
 - create a passive rule which detects big redirects ( reserve id in alerts . xml . . . ) 
extend compile alluxio timeout to 30min , due to slow vb 
update readme . md 
added system exit at the end of main call to avoid hanging problem in grails generate - all 
fix spelling in - - no - search - upward , thanks to @ rmb938 for spotting this . 
fix margins on retention event input 
make the auto - open folder not trigger if we ' re doing a search 
ivy should be declarer as optionnal dependency in groovy - all 
add rb record to 1 . 8 . 27 changelog 
 @ provides - > @ providesmodule staticrenderer 
regenerated sequencefile for graph of the gods 2 - - - all tests pass . 
lps - 55252 linux - x86 lib 
enable travis cache 
added flag & renamed localisation file for chinese localisation 
fixed help message in runapp . groovy 
update mcp url . 
changed the uri of the submodule repo 
updated changelog 
removes override notation for getsslsocketfactory because of signature conflict 
change min sdk to 8 
add images for h2o vs h2o - dev doc 
removed unnecessary else condition 
document sonar forceanalysis property 
bump to 0 . 0 . 5 - snapshot . 
update travis . yml 
increment twitter . common to 0 . 3 . 1 
making compass css generation consistant with site css generation 
lps - 4831 rollback accidental checkin of blogs entry with journal changes 
get is non - static 
change default region to us - east - 1b 
copyright year - > 2012 
document changes 
update to slf4j - simple 1 . 7 . 18 
excluded module spock - grails - support until luke has time to fix it 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 137 - snapshot 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 80 
enabled vertical scrollview instrumentation test in sandcastle 
update snapshot branch 
travis build fix 
changes 
update readme . md 
changing namespace in readme 
lps - 55187 move to a released version of poshi runner 
fix build break 
next development version 
makes the class final , because different parts of the runtime compare directly to this class 
lps - 8138 - div - based layout was collapsing in ie6 / 7 
don ' t call channelpipeline . fireexceptioncaught ( . 
lps - 52375 prevent junit from leaking into the pmd classpath 
target android api level 22 
update sdk osx icon 
add storm - 1175 to changelog 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - rc1 
change console history capacity to 500 
remove unused support - v4 library 
added sql - codegen zip packaging 
update credits_dialog_scroll . 
remove log4j jar from lib 
incremented version properties 
use gradle wrapper in travis 
added pydocstringtest to all tests suite 
changes for cassandra - 1837 
update readme . md 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 41 
upgraded the version in the parent pom references in our example components to 3 . 
point at wiki 
added code generation of the use of tuples , lists and maps 
mapjoin_mapjoin . 
update version number . 
update multiwords . txt 
update support lib version to 23 . 1 . 0 - dev 
updated changelog 
added storm - 1473 to changelog 
remove bodygenerator on resetnonmultipartdata 
ready for rc release 
added description to project 
fix up broken link to contributor guidelines ( # 2337 ) 
added an empty . 
remove all libs folders from github for main project . 
update jar 
added a todo about merging python scope - related code 
fix our bump - version to push only the current tag 
added note to changes . 
update library 
fix testdata 
added a method to identify a classnode as interface 
minor modification to java - mule sample 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc1 ' . 
updated changelog 
update spongecommon for jdk6 / 7 build fix 
 / / archive . apache . org / dist / jakarta / regexp / 
idea - 139894 add " registerer " into dictionary . 
eo = esperanto 
remove an @ override that is not needed . 
added tostring ( ) method in neoapp . neoapprelationshiptype . . . otherwise 
add java . util . list import . 
be explicit that we demand bash 
add pbethe @ to bazel contributors . 
committing a memory leak fix from michael koch - making sure that players are properly released after a call . 
remove old buck - bin / and emma - 2 . 0 . 5312 / directories , if present . 
version up 
new feature image . 
build_all should bundle install 
use proper type for oob variable in register_agent . 
update readme . md 
update to version 1 . 0 . 4 of apt - utils in the new namespace 
fixed # include . 
updated maven activation profile string for jdk9 
updating to newly released jetty - parent 11 
build sources archive 
adding storm - 1916 to changelog 
give the scala int tests a bit more permgen . 
update gradle build to use apache commons pool 2 . 0 . 
update readme . md 
small layout improvement 
update readme . md 
remove un - needed boost_libraries include 
validateconf private constructor . 
 / / github . com / travis - ci / travis - ci / issues / 3695 
universal ( both ppc and x86 enabled ) native macos x idea launcher . 
bump version in support library to 24 . 0 . 0 - snapshot so we can produce 
maven properties in dom 
update readme . md 
updated to latest drlvm - vts - bundle commit . 
update contributing . md 
eclipse hates it when there ' s no package info ; btw , a license would be nice 
svnkit 8493 , with better locks behavior 
update reference version to fix the abstract grammar option 
temporary hack for jet . iterator . hasnext property 
lps - 50131 this does not need newclassloaderjunittestrunner 
typo in the readme sample code fixed 
added localbox . info to the topdomains of the config file , i think it ' s better for testing 
update to commons - codec 1 . 6 
update gradle plugin to 0 . 13 . 2 
removing icu 4 . 4 dat file 
bundle testng 5 . 14 . 6 
switch to fastutil 6 . 5 . 7 
remove unused dialog in mac version of tray icon service shown in upper left corner 
oups , forgot to add the new jar . 
update changelog 
add " lateprovide " to the allowed suppression list in parserconfig . properties . 
do not close dialog with support if user cancel suggestion to reuse library even if some addition actions are to be performed ( idea - 90953 ) 
 ' 1 . 3 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
add cobar rule doc 
change lambda to 1e - 1 from 1e0 so that lambda is not greater than lambda max . 
added commander / sourcesafe to the list of checked plugins 
update pre - commit hook to only do license formatting 
lps - 41071 - document with a long file name will extend beyond the portlet 
missed one if ( 
 ' 1 . 3 . 12 - snapshot ' . 
latest groovy build . 
update contributors . md 
update library reference after merge 
add en demo gif 
added storm - 1252 to changelog 
use https in gradle distribution url 
update spongecommon for leaf decay optimization if disabled . 
don ' t contentinvalidate when changing a webview property 
gradient for toplogo . 
fix wrong alarm save redirect 
install - dependencies . 
updated readme 
prevent a " resource . notfoundexception " 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc4 - snapshot ' . 
add editorconfig definitions . 
fix bug with saving intermediate points of the route into gpx file 
 ' 0 . 6 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
added activiti - camel module to maven deploy profile 
disabling - p publish - distr by default ( fixing ci build ) 
prepare version 24 . 
fixed a bug where the notifications could overlap when reset 
add windows view and tree view image 
lps - 49888 - dependencies 
added a plugin for generation idea projects . 
ensure available ( ) is consistent with isfinished ( ) 
deskshare new icon 
fix pom 
update to latest android - iconics core v2 . 2 . 0 
update spongecommon 
updates travis config to log tag name . 
chief margin & padding officer cannot let a release go out with at least one changed margin or padding . 
lps - 2168 - forgot portal . properties 
removed the pdf with protocol specs as it contained a copyright notice by pioneer 
close # 126 ( not - a - problem ) 
update tutorial . pdf 
use prn as default print in main 
update version on master to 2 . 0 
bump gradle version . 
lps - 39706 unnecessary continue at end of for loop 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - lock / . 
do not build gh - pages branch . 
fix for dh_installinit syntax for cassandra - 2481 
eclipse files ought not be committed . 
removed todo comment . 
update to hadoop 2 . 7 . 1 
modifies prefab to reflect new breathercomponent name 
update version for new build system 
switched to better parent . 
bump js / package . 
bump version number for 2 . 14 . 1 
travis build fix 
add ejb3 - ext - api to exported " api " module 
update news 
minor readme change . 
recycle the comet flag ( pretty large glitch . . . ) . 
update project . properties to support renderscript 
remove guava dependency 
update npm version also on build_release script 
update readme . md 
fix commit message parsing in history 
lps - 7307 rollback cglib 
actually run all the tests 
first push with degreedistribution implemented . 
use latest build tools version . 
added todo 
fix test ( double doh ) 
ninja test method name 
ignoring misc . xml 
site - my - sites - web 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
document removal of cold_reads_to_omit ( cassandra - 9997 ) 
update project . properties 
create readme . md 
fix dialog list to take all available width 
changed dependencies to milestone versions in preparation of tagging 
update copyright on readme 
reset build identifier to next milestone snapshot 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 53225 
update mock groovy - 2 . 3 build 
removed test for kt - 1666 , since navigation to standard libraries is working normally now ( instead of navigation to the same source ) . 
update readme . md 
disposertest fixed 
lps - 67352 add check ' defaultcomeslast ' 
rogue sql statement in an upgrade sql file for oracle ( naveen gangam , reviewed by sergey shelukhin ) 
reset log level to info 
fix osgi exports 
cas - 1076 remove id from contributor andrew petro 
fix handling of new web . xml - less war file 
compile windows binary . 
lps - 67772 force unix line encoding on soy files to fix compilation error 
add changelog & add version 1 . 1 
prep for dev 
deb package migration to dh_python2 , added missing debian rules 
snapshot 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 35 
update spongecommon ref 
create readme . md 
lps - 44466 the registry project is a multimodule project , so it needs to apply all the java stuff defined in java . gradle to its children 
updated changelog 
lps - 40598 in the mobile view , in the related assets section while adding content , the buttons extend beyond the viewable width 
fix yaml language display name 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 48 
update win32 - amd64 native 
trait missing as a keyword in groovy documentation 
update readme . md 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 34 
trigger travis build again 
set getdiffablevalue ( ) as synchronized in the note model . 
update to gradle 2 . 14 . 1 
seem to pass now in the mr - 0xb1 jenkins ( nopass_to_pass ) tests 
testing build of bigbluebutton - apps 
the groovyclassloadertest actually modifies the source encoding value of compilerconfiguration . default ( and doesn ' t reset it ) . 
first stab at writing . 
refresh action bar title in folderlist when unread count was calculated 
removed border in windows icon 
set snapshot v0 . 4 . 7 - snapshot . 
reinstated explicit java update because travis still runs java 8u31 . 
update main . md 
fixed wrong project . properties 
lrqa - 22361 update poshi runner version 
changed title 
exclude jsr166e files from license check 
native = > beta 
change readme 
ttl is allowed to be null ; removed preconditions . checknotnull ( ttl ) check 
switch sm runner for testng by default 
update jar 
gradle 2 . 5 . 
fix wrong command in wercker . yml . 
readme 
update changes 
forcing eclipse to use utf - 8 encoding for freetypefontgenerator due to the default_chars including unicode characters . 
android apps handling orientation config change should apparenlty handle screensize as well in api 13 + 
fixed test / resources wrong package location 
setup rctnativeappeventemitter on init 
travis update 
extend changelog for 2 . 8 . 1beta new widget backgrounds 
made neo4j - manual dependency optional . 
update gradle build tools 
use build tools 23 . 0 . 2 . 
properly stop server . 
hive - 3936 - remote debug failed with hadoop 0 . 23x , hadoop 2 . x ( swarnim kulkarni via brock ) 
site - navigation - breadcrumb - web 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
typo fix in readme . md 
updated changelog 
add new updated octicons 
updated to latest sqlcipher dev binaries 
fixed artifact id for extra 
fix build on win64 
added x86 native file 
lps - 44960 go with official openid branding 
readme note 
grails - 6791 - validation errors could not be rendered as xml . 
push version to 15 . 0 . 5 , 15007 . 
fix for # 346 where removing a pending assignment was not synchronized . 
set back release properties 
fix markup bug ; remove extra < / div > 
rename to passing 
file mask for what to upload to googlecode 
todo notes and people updates 
relocate changelog entry to the correct version 
fix debian tools install 
bump dependency on neo4j - browser . 
upgraded to spring 1 . 2 . 6 . 
new keystore 
import . 
add csiro . au as tld since is not listed on mozilla psl 
use / usr / bin / env instead of / bin / env 
update readme . md 
after clearshape , currentshape should not be null 
upgraded the pom version to match the current trunk version 
the text ( ) function accepts only strings 
filesystemchecksumservicesspec - clear unused imports . 
added back allowkickuser = ' true ' to config . xml . template 
next development version 
mods to dummydata . csv 
hhh - 7206 upgrade to infinispan 5 . 1 . 1 . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 135 
set source level to 1 . 7 for javadocall if possible 
registry setting to stop selenium from complaining about protected mode settings 
gemspec wha ? 
set terrainlighting mat default shininess to 0 
serbian , slovak , welch , danish 
fix a typo in a javadoc comment 
update version number for version 3 . 
don ' t update textureview ' s surface if the layer doesn ' t exist 
add " passivate " , " passivation " 
updated colorwheel icon 
added caching for travis builds 
upgrade to parent pom version 12 
minecraftforge / fml @ 06ab104c9ab798af6d2726e02a238211ff8124e1 force the descriptors to the right type for the field they ' re referencing . 
wi - 9529 update js file template text 
in the open indices test , wait for yellow after opening 
fixing pom . xml for maven 3 . 1 . 
make arrayjsonadapter implement tostring ( ) . 
added foreman procfile for ws server 
upgrade to gradle plugin 2 . 2 . 0 - rc1 
build properly 
clean up for a release . 
public = > protected 
update spongecommon 
lps - 63232 change file extension to scss 
release version 3 . 2 . 0 . 
fix for nullpointerexception while importing into eclipse 
fixed null pointer exception in pshader 
minecraftforge / fml @ 3ee86d0f3e47249030ba2309386f9120025e95c1 updated gradle wrapper to gradle 2 . 0 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 0 . 13 - snapshot ' . 
add gradle javadoc task memory options to fix occasional mem alloc failures on travis ci 
added screenshot that will be used on github 
updated to parent pom version 2 . 
update project version to 1 . 0 . 1 - snapshot 
update changelog . md 
git test run by chee 
gradle version bump 
added support for x86 devices / emulators 
updated avs version to 2 . 8 . 6 
added new weather images 
don ' t need < literal > here . 
change the visibility of ' refreshposts ' back to private . 
allow private constraints to be retrieved as a read only property 
updated the how - to 
a path can exist in several cache entries . 
forgotten manifest . 
add @ visibility annotation in list of recognized annotation . 
fixed script execution in travis ci . 
inputfilter not updated on global accessibility change . 
changed build number for developer builds to ' dev ' 
fix typo in abstracttestqueries 
updated changelog 
set includejavaruntime explicitly to false 
align maven api version 
updated target version 
run test on ci 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
updated build readme with more accurate infos 
add demo . apk 
update protobuf . jar to be built with java6 
force foreground of execution line to be white 
fix readme installation zip file name 
add getindex to genericvertex 
remove inout from settings . gradle 
chmod + x gradlew before travis start . 
lps - 13352 stringutil . unquote breaks when passing empty string as argument 
give sonar test builds more permgen space 
update jar 
fixed antennapod auto - cleanup algorithm 
update build for cron 
create contributors . md 
add travis build 
fix for grails - 312 
css link is broken 
restore javadoc to the getcoyoteresponse ( ) method 
attaching javascript compression to the compile phase 
 ' eureka - 1 . 1 . 76 - snapshot ' . 
remove ' performancetest ' entries from . 
new security role icon 
update to 6 . 9 - snapshot 
update spongecommon 
built snapshot 
update jars for ios tests and sample project 
don ' t trace _weekrefset . py 
more todo items 
release version 3 . 2 . 0 . 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 28 - snapshot ' . 
added getserveraddress method 
core for 0178 
update changes . txt 
update spongecommon for respawn state fix . 
lps - 65831 rename file to readme . markdown 
webdav vote 
bump forge dependency for binary compatibility with 2107 . 
add mit license to gemspec ( closes # 938 ) 
add makefile to setup glide 
ninja - fix cql3 version in cql . textile 
partitionservice ( cluster / member safety check ) 
jdk 8 
lps - 17596 - datetype needs to be reset to html after portlet added to page for subsequent portlet refreshes 
images for readme file 
notification . icon is mandatory . 
update nativecomponentsios . md 
added changelog 
suppress onattach deprecation warning in readerphotoviewerfragment 
remove analytics from dev build 
remove __author__ from python file templates . 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 8 . 6 
changed dependency to bp 2 . 1 . 0 - snapshot 
rc - 1 / 170 version bump 
repaint layered pane on any selection change which doesn ' t affect components ( ideadev - 15624 ) 
upgrade to apache httpcomponents client 4 . 3 . 5 
added todo 
modify images for actionbar item 
updated to implement map . 
add demo . apk 
prepare version 22 . 0 . 0 . 
update build . gradle 
fix test - dependencies 
more mahout - 226 - - needed one more change to top - level pom . xml 
put close button clearly on chat menu 
move to use bash 
fix some ruby dependencies for travis , see 
updated for 4 . 0 - beta8 . 
use java . lang . object as the superclass of an unresolvable class while deodexing 
fix false alarm in " but there was a fire burning inside him ever since he saw those pictures on her camera " 
subnet 
portal - security - export - import - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
update changelog . md 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 108 - snapshot 
exit whenever a command exits with 1 
add hadoop - 12843 to 2 . 8 . 0 in changes . txt . 
cosmetic tweak when there are no sessions . 
add todo 
release 3 . 0 . 10 
remove 1 . 1 wiki documentation . 
fixed typo in sasl name . 
removed openjdk6 until i can resolve the cast problems 
read_xml_conf not set properly 
spring dep passed cq , module included 
prepare version 21 . 1 . 0 - beta5 . 
updating version to 3 . 1 . 0 - snapshot 
update authors ; copyright to 2014 
if failed to load content then return empty content 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 30 - snapshot ' . 
changed id to cli friendly format . 
release version 3 . 2 . 0 . 
typo in the new entitylivinghandler code 
format finally block 
update pldroid - player - 1 . 1 . 3 . 
add missing curly brace in the readme 
another another flaky test . 
update pull_request_template . 
g does not have a video camera but can still decode via avff preview functions 
update readme 
removes the nil_chk macro . 
graylog2 - jersey - netty non - snapshot 
update readme . md 
fix for new location of mcp logo . 
upgrade to pants 0 . 0 . 31 . 
rc - 2 / 305 version bump 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 89 
missing plugin apply in componentmodelintegrationtest 
added a call to super . setspatial in setspatial 
updated changelog 
add async to dict 
temporarily exclude parquet dependency , due to size , until it ' s needed 
set bg and fg colour in site . css 
another jar 
fixed up broken pom 
please add new line to the end of file 
many users may add the cos . jar file for import / export ; place in . 
bumping up version 
as pointed out on the users list , lib is relative to catalina home , not base 
fix online version py booklet 
removed todo on vetoeshiding , reviewed 
revert log level commit 
turning off caching for # 236 
update service - management . 
prepare for release 
don ' t send job requests if there is an error in setupcontext 
updated changelog 
new rules 
turn off annotations test for now 
update spongecommon ref 
gh - 55 vmware vfabric gemfire ( sbawaska ) 
lps - 55252 jni sass compiler is breaking ant all , switch to ruby until jni is fixed . 
update spongecommon for explosion drop fix . 
updated changelog 
delete complexity_usage . 
set version to 6 . 0 . 2 - snapshot . 
added method to create a subset of the orginal dataset 
gradle 
bump version for system - rules 
added small sample gif 
new version of tablesaw that fixes ant build file 
 " supertype " 
amend release notes for 23 - beta4 . 
add missing @ override to externs file html5 . js . 
update jar 
prepare version 22 . 0 . 1 . 
add tracing for path texture upload 
lps - 18364 assetrenderer fails when embbeded in custom portlet due to incorrect class loader 
another readme fix . 
fixed test failure on windows xp 
make showusage static 
disable the region compositing pipeline for layers . 
sqlcipher core 2 . 2 . 0 tag 
lps - 51439 move layouttestutil from portal - test to portal - test - internal , in order to remove friendlyurlrandomizerbumper usage from portal - test 
added michael mayr to contributors list 
ant - built - > ant - build 
additional japser jar 
update to gradle 2 . 10 
update library reference , sync_full_folder 
reverting back to topicoffsetoutofrangeexception extends runtimeexception . 
fixes a classcastexception introduces in my previous commit 
remove incorrect @ override declaration on messageevent . prototype . initmessageevent . 
update changelog 
fix portuguese docs navbar 
update visibility of isdirty in cssnode 
make jacoco report task depend on test tasks . 
re - adding doc submodule 
fix launch info dialog not being disposed when clicking ok , fixes # 269 
fixed hang when submitting mappings and no changes are made 
add screenshot 
add doc / cql3 / cql . 
updated changelog 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc2 - snapshot ' . 
deleted old jar 
assert renew memtable is only used when durable writes = false 
copy the fat jar to the lib folder , with the right name 
add toastr definitions for typescript . 
binary libraries ( builded using ndk 1 . 5 ) 
updated art . 
fixed missing sys import 
fix typo 
close stream in case of ioexception 
lps - 31465 drop old index to force recreate new one 
lps - 64991 exclude tmp directories from pmd 
fixed travis 
link to travis build status in readme 
version bump to 1 . 3 . 0 - beta 
add @ implementation to shadowapplication . checkpermission ( ) 
make sure the mri gem is built correctly . 
update classpath for javadocing 
diagnostics ' no longer leak file handles 
rename to upper - case ( on non - mac ) . 
removed root logging configuration from logback config . 
no longer using jconsole for voldemort - rebalance . 
deleted duplicated compile dependencies . 
fix a compilation error 
 / / android - query . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 12 d864b24f - c464 - 86f1 - a23f - 96be1521e7f2 
tweak formatting in android template 
enable build file sandboxing in fbandroid 
fixed a bug where the notification scroller could crash . 
lps - 56801 search for the other use of " possible values " 
import annotations into core 
new icon 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 7 . 
update readme . md 
add changelog to releases 
update readme 
update spongecommon 
remove wrong import . 
 ' 1 . 56 . 41 - snapshot ' . 
upgrade to mvel 2 . 1 . 1 , closes # 2228 . 
renamed ant project name , makes ant tree look better in idea 
s / ns / microseconds / in changes 
update styles . css 
update readme . md 
remove link color in css 
hive - 404 . 
remove duplicate dependson . 
snapshot 
publish lazybones templates as part of ratpack build fixes issue # 226 
update copyright year 
fixing travis config syntax error 
adding default case 
call invalidate ( ) in setcornerradius ( ) , fixes # 87 . 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 236 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
upgrade to the latest util - core 
added simplified chinese guide 
lps - 16162 - activating mailing list for a category breaks message boards 
renamed to empublite - t13 
use barchardt - udt 2 . 3 . 0 release . 
removed key value server from svn repository . 
storm - 267 - corrected namespace for loggingmetricsconsumer 
 ' 1 . 1 . 120 - snapshot ' . 
moved hazelcast - fullconfig . xml to test / resources 
upgrade to netty 3 . 9 . 5 . 
lps - 10666 - ie7 control panel portlet enterprise admin right side navigation selected item missing width 
lep - 4510 - themes should contain styling for commonly used elements 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . taglib . ui , increment version 
lps - 56373 since we haven ' t published a release of this yet , a build number of 1 will do 
add mainframewebview to cmakelists . txt 
restore development snapshot version . 
remove repeat annotation 
removing unimplemented method activescansessionurls from clientapi 
updated changelog 
make read commands silent by default ( i . e . not spamming to the log ) 
getentries ( ) doesn ' t really throw exceptions 
fix failing test 
fix latest plugin version 
make the thread join so that we can use ctrl - c to exit from the console 
fix " jarall " task not taking the project jars into account , resulting in wrong " up - to - date " status 
removed incorrect import 
make it clear what ` this ` refers to 
added icon padding to features list 
update jekyll javadoc path . 
adapting production build command . 
don ' t use bold typeface for view file header 
turn debug on for test diagnosis 
fix scrolling issues on some mobile devices ( # 482 ) 
added note of fixed bug 
update spongecommon for creative event fix . 
do not include metrics name twice # 210 
updated the 2 . 3 . 2 bwc indices with those built from master 
add codestyle jar file 
fixing project properties file 
rc - 2 / 183 version bump 
remove com . google . javascript . jscomp . ant package from closure - compiler . jar to avoid dependency on ant . jar . 
select first contact after a search 
 / / bz . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 58377 
update switch . js docs - tintcolor changes border 
add missing import . 
expose whether jna is enabled and memory is locked via jmx - - add new file 
remove old inetaddress dns cache from preloaded - classes . 
fix npes in last commit . 
update library reference to 0 . 9 . 2 version 
bump to forge 1694 for jline fixes . 
version bump for slf4j - simple ( # 3083 ) 
set mpositionbeforescroll to page we notify switched to 
new app icon for beta build 
set smart_tabs in other_indent_options to false , since it doesn ' t make sense and corresponding ui option was removed ( idea - 145290 ) 
lps - 2319 - implementing expanse tooltips in liferay 
bumping version number in version as well . 
users - admin - web 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
add getonfocuschangelistener to view 
winpty libs for win xp . 
lps - 12990 asset publisher doesn ' t show the small images correctly in ie7 
aborted attempt to integrate otr4j external 
fix build 
enable travis build cache 
moving projects to external 
add 9029 to changes . txt 
add cobar_data_migration . 2011 . 03 . 
yml for fillr 
bump version of h2o ! 
add a web app that fails to start for use in deployment testing 
these seem to have multiple passes on the small machines 
fix for persian and urdu language maps # 2019 
removes jreemulation . h include from generated header files . 
only handle early eof if exchange is not done 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 111 - snapshot 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 80 - snapshot 
updating to 3 . 1 . 0 - rc0 
add - dhalt . on . plugin . error = true to ant script 
adding new rocksdbjni jar and librocksdbjni . so 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - settings / . 
fixed a bug where httpmessage . removeheader ( ) leads to a dangling pointer in the internal data structure 
update ' modules / apps / screens / . 
changes 
testdata fixed 
add status code javadoc . 
removing optimizely token key 
updated parent version . 
lps - 19211 missed build . properties 
missing import 
update release notes 
bump version 
updated images for wiki instructions on installing bigbluebutton vm 
depend on latest production version of 4 . 3 httpclient 
removed async and https from plan 
updated copyright 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 6 . 
revert " hide files app launcher icon . " 
updated changelog 
authentication doesn ' t work after upgrade to jetty9 
annotation selector css fix . 
adding demo language " xx " 
add storm - 1470 to changelog 
set project version to 6 . 1 for release . 
update history . md 
update core , location muodules 
add missing local_min_sdk_version for support library demos 
set cursorwindow native pointer to null rather than 0 when disposing 
incremented version properties 
lps - 46809 - updating alert - error to alert - danger 
ninja fix cassandra - 9029 
fix logging screenshot 
fixed configuration for testing server xml 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 26 
grails - 10102 - list - plugin - updates throws npe 
comment out the adapters from the build until the repackaging is finished . 
add a dummy test 
fixed typo at client gradle script 
update doc submodule commit pointer 
specified kotlin src dirs 
added images for tod 
unused import removed 
implemented new constructor in embeddedneo . 
jsp prefixes cache refactored 
made lifetime available to inheritors of coremodulemanager 
update readme . md 
prepare version 26 . 
removed apache commons from manifest ; switched to smalljs . jar . 
add travis ci config 
simplified travis ci yml file 
remove meteor dev_bundle 
update readme . md 
make installcommand ' s constructor public 
add a little shell script that invokes wallettool via maven . 
blockgrass - > blocktallgrass 
removed dummy . java from cas sample 
lps - 40215 remove canadian french from default languages in the portal 
one new chunk 
updates changes . txt . 
update spongecommon 
update binary file editsstored for testofflineeditsviewer 
specify platform - tools version for travis . 
missing files 
dtdparser lib to ce 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 20 
added contact details to license 
result should return by - ref 
jetdelegatortosupercall # getcalleeexpression ( ) by stub 
fix jdk - version for eclipse - plugin 
lps - 22702 ' smart ' set to ' default ' in all other cases 
fixing default text 
configuration for travis ci . 
locks unused on rserver , so don ' t clean up 
changing the version from 0 . 5 . 2 - snapshot to 0 . 6 . 0 - snapshot in preparation for release 
update gradle build tools to v1 . 3 . 1 
snapshot 
add missing < / table > tag . 
initial commit . 
soe fix 
new mode file as well 
numericliteralneedsunderscorecheck used from sevntu . checkstyle 1 . 19 . 0 
launcher is now resizeable . 
bump to 0 . 0 . 6 - snapshot . 
minecraftforge / fml @ c180d9b15735ce89a38c497acd65fa3fab595f77 add 1 . 7 . 2 base json , gradle will automatically download updated versions of this . 
renaming exploded dir to deskshare so we don ' t have to rename when tarring 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc7 ' . 
added storm - 1158 to changelog 
cleanup second static cluster in test 
update readme . md 
actually apply after no sims change . 
inc version as far as significant bug was fixed 
inc memory for gradle 
fix log output on travis 
adding word " libreoffice " 
cb - 8897 delete drawable / icon . 
removed a system . out 
preparing for release 0 . 6 . 0 
snapshot 
updated changelog 
fix cache spec in docs . 
added finally block that sets the system property back to null after use so as not to break other tests 
close the file once we are done with it 
improve favicon 
renamed commands in db . java ( merge fail ) 
missed import 
reset for dev 
remove unused source file 
fix a comment 
add plugins target to makefile 
explicitly return 0 
committing a password trying to avoid committing private keys - very funny indeed 
update build . gradle 
fixed the bson usage link in readme . md 
update news 
updated build configuration to version 3 . 2 . 0 - snapshot 
updated changelog 
ql parser / lexer should support hql ( ideadev - 12901 ) 
travis - ci ubuntu build needs malmo_xsd_path set 
added known aliast for monostate pattern 
fixed idea build configuration 
webview component ' s automaticallyadjustcontentinsets prop should be type bool . 
added jdk info to travis 
 ' rxjava - 0 . 9 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
remove all gl 1 . x references from todos . txt 
set askpass function 
sync guava version with cacheword 
updated breton pos dictionary from apertium svn r53329 . 
fix concurrentmodificationexception in syncmanager 
rogue line number for try / catch statement confuses ide debuggers 
allow using more memory for gradle tests 
presentation for bejug , open office v1 . 1 . 4 
update version in build . gradle 
update to latest build tools v23 . 0 . 3 
deleting unused import 
changed version to 0 . 1 , since the 1 . 0 was just the default version which maven generates for you . 
lps - 23695 missing language key in user statistics 
added galaxy nexus performance data 
updated version info for v0 . 8 . 9 release . 
move childbrowser . java to the right directory 
mms support 
componentforref should not cause componentmanager ' s initialize . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 131 - snapshot 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 2 . 1 . 
lps - 56526 no need to wait for system search engine 
copy the xml descriptors . 
missing channelpreempted flag update 
fix proguarding of native methods 
lombok upgrade , project should compile faster 
unset select whole flag after editor is created 
add file without usage to classinlinefunctionchanged test case 
sonar - 7792 upgrade mysql driver to version 5 . 1 . 39 
prepare version 18 - beta3 . 
removed doc / shared submodule 
use glcleardepth instead of glcleardepthf for compatibility with 
 ' lcov ' added ( code coverage file format ) 
upgrade to mockito 1 . 10 . 17 as 1 . 10 . 10 is not available in central repo 
always fetch all terms in shell 
removed junk csv 
commented out a failing line 
upgrade zkclient jar ; # kafka - 82 
remove extra addition from a previous commit that breaks builds 
make dms sample work post - spring security 2 refactor . 
adding settings . xml to test hudson build 
mark constructor as accessible in layoutinflater . 
make sure the visualization stops immediately when sound stops , instead of continuing for a fraction of a second . 
set version 
snapshot 
restore the name of main / repo license file 
appveyor , fail_fast is introduced 
upgrade wrapper version to 1 . 3 
upgrade to equalsverifier 2 . 1 . 2 
update to latest fastadapter 
push to 13 - beta7 , 11252 . 
set group and version in top - level build file 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . social . service . persistence , increment version 
pass - yaml to ds builds to generate _book . yaml version of reference toc . 
updated changelog 
hadoop - 7136 . 
more readme 
handle logging levels via log4j . xml 
update spongecommon for block owner tracking fix . 
src fmt 
images for installing under ubuntu 
add break statement on load extractor from form 
upgrade to async - http - client 1 . 9 . 31 
do not use ` super ` to read attribute . 
version bump to 1 . 4 . 0 - beta 
add ' setup ' command to makefile 
updated changelog 
removed commons lib since now it ' s part of svn repository 
include correct version of resources inside grails_home 
updated readme hint regarding adt version . 
teststartreemanagerimpl failure 
fix ( * ) revert " added openjdk6 to travis configuration " 
lps - 39731 rename only 
no new line ? 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 80 
prepare version v17 - beta5 . 
codemod intentandroid . 
upgrade sdklib 
add " nodpi " to dpitest android . mk 
release 0 . 3 . 1 
added an example of test ` setup ` into the ` indices . analyze ` api 
switch revision handling to deal with git describe output 
lps - 35153 - remove unnecessary css 
getting string encoding to work properly in my magic lucid virtualbox guest . 
added mysql - python 
update readme 
updated project version 
update travis . yml 
trying to commit new tests . 
system - rules updated to 1 . 12 . 0 version 
remove app_name string ( # 1 ) 
remove dependency on react - native which will break the packager 
bump release version 
updated version to 1 . 3 . 0 
increase library version in demo app 
more memory for gradle 
more ideas . 
added description for the pep8 - naming inspection 
enforce diamondoperatorforvariabledefinitioncheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
rename r vignette r demo script . 
registered the plugin id for passive scanner " viewstate scanner " . 
fixing rat phase 
lps - 22779 - visual formatting for web content fields 
add jsch jar 
reduce size of test resource . 
fix most of js back - end tests after adding pair and triple 
updates cacerts to support cacert . org root 
update spongecommon 
fixed font selection . 
made gifdrawable class public 
update readme . md 
update issue_template . 
add karel . 
add logs / readme . 
indri lib 
 " cobertura . skip " was removed as it fail a build 
upgrade to gradle 1 . 9 
removed since the yoxos profile isn ' t maintained anymore 
increased max heap size when running tests from gradle 
update readme . md 
workspaces is an english word 
update spongecommon for player drop event fixes . 
calling finish ( ) on accounts activity when auto jumping to the only one existing account 
reapply prepare version 19 - beta1 . 
bump prokey version , re # 314 
 ' 2 . 0 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
update graylog2 - rest - client module to 3de654b . 
add proguard rule for android . app . notification 
use ` python ` instead of ` python2 ` 
remove the " @ override " for jdk5 . 0 
lps - 66594 move portlet java file 
upgrade to assertj 3 . 3 . 0 
set raptordata on added trip patterns . 
use released airlift version 
update the ci link to the moved ant build file . 
fixing the scopeid lint warning . 
change voicebridge from " undefined " to " 
include restclient plugin in pycharm build 
rename handlerthread name in rttmanager 
update readme . md 
update demo 
updated readme . md for 1 . 1 release 
add gcmparameterspec to preloaded - classes 
nullable setts inappropriate on multimap . remove 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 0 - beta . 2 
lps - 63528 duplicate util package , unify under service layer 
fix project properties 
 ' 1 . 1 . 137 - snapshot ' . 
accidentally changed to pass 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 54 ( # 565 ) 
 / / github . com / netty / netty / commit / 00c0664ef8518cb9ba8ee8796d5bfa7f73355af4 
lps - 30589 added / bookmarks / find_entry to auth . public . paths 
update spongecommon for duplicate cause fix . 
attempt to restore javadoc 
lps - 50031 version update 
set awt as headless when zap is in a headless mode 
no external_program plugin type 
fails intermittently with 8 hr diff between h2o / r 
removed integration profile from travis build 
lps - 68289 turn on auto close for integration - . 
renamed bindingmap - > bindingattributemap 
update gradle 
remove ' displayname ' prop from ' pickerexample ' component 
fix type warnings 
removes lib / from top level 
added missing test scope for gson dependency . 
added guards for _gnu_source macro 
lps - 46246 modify custom sql to for the groupnamecomparator to work 
add storm - 2079 to changelog 
changed dependency tree dependency declaration to be inline with dependencymgt 
update android plugin for gradle to version 2 . 1 . 0 . 
build with gradle 1 . 10 . 
added storm - 1348 to changelog 
update build . gradle 
make sure we keep annotations in design ' s proguard 
added storm - 1463 to changelog 
upgrade to build scan recipes 0 . 1 . 0 - beta - 5 
close col tag in loadertabs . 
close window on close button if there is no pdf on display 
added missing newline at end of yaml test file 
add screenshots 
managedreference # finalizereference stackoverflow on call to removestallentries 
printer bugfix 
directory for stats logging 
fix appbarlayout enteralwayscollapsed with inset window 
make typespec . kind enum public 
handle cases where compatible frames for a model could be empty . 
strings_test by adding a missing " using " statement . 
updated changelog 
remove alan from closure - compiler . 
english fixes 
change test from nopass 
updated changelog for storm - 194 
remove generic bsd placeholders 
upgrade to mvel 2 . 1 . 
code recommenders are needed for auto completion to work . 
update version on readme 
add source encoding to the maven compiler plugin . 
made accounts a singletop activity 
update changelog for storm - 490 
cb - 11727 - travis ci setup is still using 0 . 10 . 32 node 
fix an erroneous import 
resume version 1 . 3 . 0 - rc - 1 
fix tableapiutils 
activity share has no text input 
bump version 
lrqa - 17637 update test . properties 
updating version . txt top section 
update travis . yml 
lps - 25819 also recognize null values in type_ column 
indicate temporary status of youtrack in readme . 
add postsync so that the chrome stack has access . 
updated releaes environment variable to 1 . 1 . 0 - dev 
lps - 43875 javascript error when trying to display a tooltip 
create lvtea0105 
update to hive 0 . 12 
pom cleanup ( minor ) 
adds intent . flag_activity_clear_when_task_reset to launch fasttrack intent . 
prepare for next development iteration 
replace unsupported setting translog . disable_flush with a high value of translog . flush_threshold_size 
fix 143 potential context leak 
added header to buildall . sh 
fix bug 5244365 - don ' t populate a viewpager in onattachedtowindow 
possible small fix for missing external - libs - folder issue 
fix version number 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 15 - snapshot ' . 
upgrade to json - path 2 . 0 . 0 
lps - 66964 bump source / target to jdk8 
dumb terminal 
update spongecommon for dropitemevent fix . 
bump pegasus version to 1 . 8 . 36 for release 
use bouncycastle jar with debug symbols 
update releases . md 
 ' 1 . 4 . 9 - snapshot ' . 
fixes searching in contactlist without selecting search field not possible once the menu was open . 
include the device ' s name in device . name per api docs . 
added storm - 1941 to changelog . 
don ' t try to debug all configurations with pydebugrunner 
prepare version 1 . 6 . 1 . 
update readme . md 
run travis ci whit ' gradlew check ' 
new release 
bump version to 1 . 0 . 0 - beta . 1 . 
update jar 
fixed travis configuration ? 
changes . txt 
add protostuff - json jar to lib 
fixed typo in after template 
trying to display a screenshot in readme 
show correct version number 
add missing include for skpath 
rev fa3d2497 causes compile to fail on some vms - - back it out . 
copy for tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 1 
missing deprecated check compilable ut inputs 
fixes version spelling in pom . xml 
updated jar 
remove call to setisopaque ( again ) . 
add image for adt - bundled eclipse dir 
reduce the number of projects tested in ` nativeperformancetest . many projects native build ` 
mock groovy 2 . 3 
lps - 52675 enable source . formatter . check . unprocessed . exceptions , in just the last year almost 100 new failures were added . 
fixed fragile tests for @ bean method overloading 
fix sense of null test in android_media_mediascanner_extractalbumart . 
replacing hard - coded mount point for asec with a getenv ( ) call . 
remove checkstyle xref warning 
use compilesdkversion 19 
reverted to the previous orangeextensions . jar 
lps - 57121 - revert " moved atlas import from aui . css to custom . css " 
revert " hhh - 8733 - general build cleanup - hibernate - testing " 
fix consumerproguardfiles by moving it to defaultconfig 
increased max map pages for systemd to align with init . d settings in packages 
set action bar title for accounts activity in oncreate ( ) 
fix changes . txt 
png 
add support for bukkit for mc 1 . 6 . 4 . 
updated changelog 
add missing layout params 
update fragment_videoitem_detail . 
update spongecommon 
update travis to jdk 8 
 / / bigbluebutton . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 1231 af16638f - c34d - 0410 - 8cfa - b39d5352b314 
added openjdk6 to unit tests 
nullable 
updated jsr166e to the 9 . 08 . 2015 version 
update readme . md 
contributing was not in markdown format 
update readme 
use graylog2 . jar instead of graylog2 - server . jar for timestamp fix script . 
single task mode for start conversations activity 
update readme . md 
correct typo ( " howto contribute " - > " how to contribute " ) 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / frontend - theme / . 
update readme . md 
time . sleep ( 3600 ) - > # 
accidentally checked in version with tests disabled 
delete demo - 0 . 5 . 0 . 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
fix test failing on ' mvn clean package ' 
use a forked path for releases . 
add ninepatch search tag 
remove trivial teardown 
use new travis builders 
lps - 67544 fix gradle scripts 
lrqa - 19903 update poshi runner version 
art restored 
update pom . xml with maven - clean - plugin 3 . 0 . 0 
small change to seekbar branch 
prepare release hdrhistogram - 1 . 0 . 6 
lps - 10770 default dl . file . extensions . check . strict to false because it breaks osx otherwise 
lps - 50187 lastfailedlogindate field of user is cleared when user unlocked 
upgrade gson version from 1 . 6 to 1 . 7 . 1 ( latest released ) 
upgraded jdbi to 2 . 30 . 
upgrade gradle wrapper version to gradle 2 . 12 
fix a ssh problem when deploying ec2 with vagrant . 
use xcode 7 . 1 on travis ci 
 / / www . beanshell . org 
updated readme 
add recently added utils . r to to collate field for the description file template of the r package . 
add clear ( ) in dispose ( ) 
updating to 3 . 0 . 0 - rc0 
added serviceloader spec for udcextensionimpl 
airlines all flow data set 
update to commons io 2 . 4 
fix a typo in scriptopcodes pushdata2 string . 
readme . md xml block formatting 
fix for failing test 
snapshot 
adding screenshots for development / samples / contactmanager documentation . 
updated readme 
missing shift + backspace shortcut for ' backspace ' action ( oc - 5012 ) 
re - adding missing lockscreen drawable 
upgrade anonymous usage statistics to version 1 . 1 . 1 
snapshot 
updating to gremlin 0 . 8 
reorganize a bit of top level toc . 
why do i always spot comment typos 2s after i commit a change ? 
remove obsolete import 
pass along mongodb_server 
updated changelog 
update changes 
removing small file tests with splits due to intermittent fails 
in the code there is the ` d ` option . 
update readme . md 
specify jacoco xml file for coveralls 
wrap on typing option for json 
prepare for release v . 0 . 8 . 12 . 
updated version in readme 
added missing escape of the target environment variable . 
lps - 66361 remove wrong packageinfo 
add labelview 
comment out nokogiri / version 
tachyon - 1398 
fix problem in a2dp interface closeoutputstream ( ) . 
fix jackson annotation warnings . 
fixed typo in travis . yml 
testing readme change 
update forge build 
debug travis 
add extra - android - support dependency in travis 
update readme . md 
upgrade next development version 
updated sharpen submodule 
added another clirr exclusion 
document change in junit 
reverted @ compilestatic usage since safe dereference doesn ' t work 
lps - 47201 move journalfolderconstants to portal - service 
 ' 2 . 0 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
runningprocesslist . setcontext ( mhostcontext ) on myactivitymanagerservice init 
create docs directory 
added storm - 724 to changelog . 
update readme . md 
increased line height for code snippets in html view , to make underscores show up properly . 
fix another java - 6ism 
upgrade to antlr 2 . 7 . 6 
update changelog 
lrdocs - 522 no need for method hascomment 
updating changelog with storm - 750 
lps - 14692 categories portlet - fixed bug related to sending two initial requests in plugin . io on loading editvocabulary panel 
updated authors . md 
forward test 
only load posts after a refresh if we still have the fragment attached to the activity . 
fix test after change to making continuous build use long lived process mode . 
upgrade java - util dependency to include " ruby " time 
incremented version properties 
maven - jar - plugin 3 . 0 . 0 is used ( # 3205 ) 
correct lintoptions specification , also log to stdout . 
release 1 . 2 . 0 
process redirection drops the exit status from gradle 
place lockfile config in / etc / rstudio 
add mockup of gui 
updated buildsrc dependencies 
document tika update 
deleted bulletjme . dll due to missing dependencies error . 
update contributing . md 
idea - 97416 resume icon looks like run icon 
lps - 59564 update directory layout for " test " modules 
 ' lcovonly ' word added ( istanbul option ) 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 148 - snapshot 
removed xml - apis jar . 
gardle . properties fixed to have correct variables 
near final apk , re # 425 
mapreduce - 2767 . 
one more pdf 
lps - 4456 source formatting 
 ( no message ) 
document javadotnet . preferipv4stack option , in followup to r1712491 , r1712361 , r1360433 
issue # 93 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 6 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 45 
fixed build . gradle 
call onresize ( ) from pinch to zoom to alert implementation that a resize has occurred 
update to resources 1 . 1 . 6 
hello_world when sandboxing was enabled , by adding " jni_dep . 
tfj - 480 renamed configurationbuilder # setentitiesenabled to setincludeentitiesenabled 
updates for release 0 . 16 . 1 
fix email address 
update version . 
adjustment style 
search with history popup / / graphite theme 
added class diagram to double checked locking . 
build with gradle 1 . 12 . 
post 0 . 1 . 4 version bump 
update apk 
updated library reference 
small tweak to readme . md ( activity code example wouldn ' t have compiled ) 
added a ui bundle 
and removed kframework - sw from contrib 
apply idea plugin 
mark setshowcaseitem as deprecated 
add missing override annotation 
switched to new parent - central pom , which changes the maven site skin 
updated gbm pdf 
make note of moviemaker issues 
more looptest experimentation 
update readme . md 
bump version to 2 . 2 . 7 rb = 448482 
use slack notifications instead of campfire for travis - ci . 
update gradle built tools 
update changes 
groovy - 816 - import breaks example 
updated version in mongo class 
update spongecommon ref for fluid changes . 
created tech - debt entries for all components and laboratory components . 
push version to 188 and 9 . 1 - beta1 . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 6 - snapshot 
update usage plugin 
update build tools for travis 
fix positioning of system time list 
add gstreamer dependency for desktop 
correct version name ( add 1 suffix for 1st beta ) . 
use ` bash ` in our shell launcher 
make vcsimpl noncopyable 
update readme . md 
lep - 1447 upgrade to hibernate 3 . 2 ga 
adding more heap for tests 
moved @ transaction and @ nottransactional to grails - core jar 
bumped elasticsearch api version 
update readme . md 
lps - 65316 update packageinfo 
update notice with unit tests 
fix a bug where build_user was using build_time 
alistair macdonald name is spelled incorrectly in the authors file 
update spongecommon ref . 
adding a missing import 
lps - 61748 gradle cache 
fix compilation ( implement dispose method ) 
py - 11855 run manage . py task improvements 
sonar - 4636 bind handling of branding resources to a later phase of the build 
added support for travis - ci 
update readme . md 
set for next release 
use 2016 . 1 meta - version 
lps - 57534 enable " minimumidle " by default to avoid creating a fixed size pool 
lps - 10193 fixed a separate but related issue with resource_ . 
update readme . md 
fix compile sdk version doesn ' t match android support library version bug 
make wrappedrow static 
put back - snapshot after 0 . 6 . 0 
fix return type on ' pidstring ( ) ' 
delete the scored frame , but not the appended vec 
fixed getgitexecutable ( ) ( according to configurablemodifiedtest ) 
 / / yusuke . homeipdotnet / svn / twitter4j / trunk @ 18 117b7e0d - 5933 - 0410 - 9d29 - ab41bb01d86b 
anchors image 
added storm - 651 to changelog 
benchmark & update version 
update debian / changelog for 0 . 7 . 5 release 
added the changelog version increment for simple resource change . 
missing import 
move account dependency in test scope 
rename setup_environment to install_frodo . 
add monitoring link for es2graphite . 
icq logo icon moved to the resources package 
 ' 0 . 13 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
update readme . md 
ports portaudio wmme device timeout system to macosx coreaudio in order to avoid deadlock when a device is unplugged . 
pom . xml ' s new line problem 
add terminating new line to multimodelloaderfactorytest . 
use views 1 . 0 . 11 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 126 
change video 
use type parameter for configuration in initialize 
fix npe in movesharedelementstooverlay 
update to flow 0 . 2 . 27 
translation for priority ( submitted from dna ) 
lps - 48650 it ' s no longer an activator 
removed import 
bump version 
update readme . md 
upgrade to the latest apache pom 
updated favicon . ico for default landing page 
build memory snaphost if a leak found 
fix an embarrassing bug in the stub build - runfiles script used during bootstrapping . 
trigger media scan after file upload 
add facundo for spanish translation 
upgrade to velocity 1 . 5 
getdelegate ( ) method 
last changes have been described in changelog 
idea language settings - idea . gradle no longer needs to set targetbytecodelevel 
master version is 4 . 3 . 7 - snapshot ; should be 5 . 0 . 0 - snapshot 
reverting back to 0 . 9 - snapshot , messed up the version # 
adds experimental support for acoustic echo cancellation ( aec ) on windows when using windows audio session api ( wasapi ) implemented with voice capture dsp . 
bump version to 1 . 9 . 43 
notnull 
revert " download apk " 
add release notes to docs index 
updated changelog 
added jainsip ' s new version 
documentation link in readme 
take wallettemplate out of the top level pom . 
whitelist more fields in libcore . reflect . typevariableimpl that were getting 
git test run by chee 
tweak ios test script to make it not copy source / javadoc jars 
make android studio on mac os x work 
bump version 
new gstreamer - java package 
removed cucumber - features 
more maven plugin stuff . 
lps - 37233 make publish dialog consistent in width with export and import 
foreground text configuration was missed from colors page . 
disambiguate reference to java . util . logging . formatter 
bump version 1 . 5 . 1 . 6 
add build status 
add docs / img for docs / website images 
misspelled the test class name 
lps - 68956 add moved - packages to prevent version change 
snapshot 
lps - 67049 portal - workflow move unit test to module 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . messageboards . model , increment version 
qrcode 
updating androidemojiinput submodule to fix build issue 
only set the readonly ( ) flag at initial construction if it is set to ` true ` by default . 
correct shutdown timer 
fixing junit version number to 4 . 11 again 
fix testdata 
build the jni lib as a dependency rather than packaged 
add super . addtocollector into androidprebuiltaar # addtocollector 
bump otto 
remove runit_nopass_rdoc_anomaly . 
remove unused commons - logging . 
project excluded 
remove an unused enum value in ` buildrulesuccess . property ` . 
portal - kernel prep com . liferay . portal . kernel . util 7 . 12 . 0 package 
upgraded jericho jar 
lps - 63528 ( web ) move css files 
update apk 
maven - > mvn 
upgrade to maven - compiler - plugin 2 . 5 
kafka - 17693 ; javadoc should only include client facing packages ; patched by jun rao ; reviewed by neha narkhede 
update contributors . txt 
added configuration in test . properties . template 
updated cacheword version 
fix a typo in the changelog 
bump graylog2 version 
make travis check the license headers too . 
lps - 35854 rename only 
update to equalsverifier 2 . 1 version ( # 3215 ) 
update launchclient . sh 
disable pre dex for ci 
introduce a single main configuration file 
ninja fix commitlogstresstest . testrandomsize 
add project - name to make tests pass 
more test - > add missing file 
update instance name 
update readme . 
adding audioparam as a valid parameter type for audionode . connect per 
let closure compiler know about requirecss . 
added entry for sql injection scanner for sqlite 
added 6 . 1 . 1 changelog 
added support for automatic legend generation for wheelchair renderer 
added dependency on decl_auth gem 
don ' t allow negative numbers in tonegenerator tonetype parameter 
add new screenshot 
correct clearcaches 
update readme . md 
protect against null removallistener in setter 
fail travis builds faster 
lps - 62749 missing the word ' connection ' in the comment 
flush resets the count of played audio frames 
set the minimum number of threads = = to the maximum number of threads since threadpoolexecutor may not do what we hope . 
update readme . md 
giving more memory to gradle jvm 
modify enum value of omx_color_formatandroidopaque 
missed return 
set version to 4 . 0 . 0 - snapshot 
update version to 2 . 0b4 
fix sslcertificatesocketfactory . getdefaultciphersuites . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / monitoring / . 
update readme . md 
include < string . h > in hdr_histogram_format_example . c . 
added basic description of the " recycler " parameter in the ` _cache / clear ` api 
update mock - googleservice - info . 
 ( empty a - lazy - seq ) - > ( ) 
calling fillinstacktrace on exceptions returned from async callback , to make it easier for users of synchronous methods that wrap the async methods to understand the stack traces . 
remove support library from the stackblur library 
update travis config . 
removed bad line in titan . bat . 
added storm - 500 to changelog . 
fix problem with otr images 
update plexus - compiler - javac - errorprone to 2 . 6 
passed input parameters as arguments to the console java tool 
 " azure vm list " command should be changed to " azure vm image list " in the readme . md 
set the root project name 
removed ' var ' because it wasn ' t necessary 
update copyright 
ant xerces updated to 2 . 8 . 1 
linked to guide 
version bump to 1 . 8 . 0 - beta 
update readme . md 
skip tests in building alluxio instructions 
only build tagged versions 
update readme . md 
more failsafes on double trigger of imageview future . 
removes version from podfile 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / microblogs / . 
fix winpty executables . 
the next version should 1 . 10 . 2 
add libffi to yum dependencies 
rebuilds jmsoutlookaddrbook . dll using tdm - gcc instead of mingw - w64 . 
fix for grails - 5717 " maven credentials in settings . groovy cause grails to cease functioning " 
upgrade to parent pom version 30 
skip deployment of integration - tests 
add extra support in travis 
update videomenuscreen . ui 
fixed infinite loop in fileobserverservice 
lps - 57255 rename 
re 3 . 0 - rc - 2 version bump 
changed android . jar dependency version to allow any 1 . 6 + versions . 
majorversion 2 . 15 
add support - v4 library 
updating to latest iocipher release 
fix of how to run petclinic in readme 
added maven plugin for gradle 
using maven 2 . 2 compliant activator for jdk detection 
remove unnecessary include 
updated ` reader_tear ` images , including xxxhdpi for future 
add files via upload 
bump version 
fix ( driver ) make find . hint a static class 
building 4 . 6 runtime requires 4 . 5 antlr mvn plugin 
move videocontainer 
imported the glslcompat directly in multisample . glsllib to have it to work properly with glsl 1 . 5 + 
checkstyle configuration to look into test classes too 
prepare for next development iteration 
added storm - 1246 to changelog . 
bump wrapper package number . 
update core module 
lrqa - 19648 add screenshot to linux folder 
this runs so slow that i don ' t think any has ever run it to see how long it takes . 
branchheads file updated for testing old hg version ( before 2 . 5 ) 
idea - 99591 " new module " does not remember last selected module type 
fixed build error with gradle 2 . 0 . 0 - alpha5 . 
update news 
move intellilang - python and rest to community , include in community build 
added entry for " remote code execution - cve - 2012 - 1823 " 
make sure to compare capabilities using upper case . 
fix debian packaging 
keydispatcher always has a non - null keychanger 
this function should be public 
set plugin version for jetty - jspc - maven - plugin 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 17 - snapshot ' . 
small but important fix for gradle & idea - separated output folders 
fix style of overflow at highlight 
make makefile remove temp files as it makes tests to fail sometimes 
set maxdirectmemorysize for tests to have consistent upper bounds 
remove unused parameter on clearmodal 
update to 7 . 2 - snapshot 
prepare 2 . 6 . 1 - snapshot release 
corrected the groovybundleversion in build . properties for the new 1 . 8 . 0 - beta - 1 branch . 
enforce emptypublicctorinclasscheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
placed the completed ( ) call under the right braces 
indices . segments 
default jdbc4 isvalid ( ) connection validation method to true . 
fix accidental shadowing of a field 
make war break later in the deployment process 
update xsoup to 0 . 2 . 1 # 75 
lps - 54637 src format 
lps - 48992 move test to tests folder 
white - space change to close a pull request 
remove the phase in order to have sources signed for deployment 
prep for next development cycle 
update spongecommon for tileentitypiston capture fix . 
fixes # 356695 ( websocket packages should be provided ) , along with 
disable web framework detection in idea 
update spongecommon for dropitemevent fixes . 
update maven - jxr - plugin to 2 . 5 for issue # 644 
updated expandedtext_combo 
removing empty files that got deleted from hive - 699 . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 91 
upgrade to netty 3 . 10 . 3 
update version code of ultimate library 
update readme 
lrqa - 16928 set a default value for the ' test . skip . tear . down ' property in ' test . properties ' 
update play store icon 
added note about hidpi screens . 
added throwsubscriberexception ( true ) 
update readme . md 
add junit as a dependency for subprojects ( modules ) 
update readme . md 
updated hbase jar 
change minsdkversion to 9 and nothing goes wrong ! ! ! 
bump version 1 . 5 . 2 . 4 
ant - bnd 1 . 0 . 2 snapshot preparation 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / bookmarks / . 
replace dummy pomconfig 
prepare version 22 . 0 . 0 - beta2 . 
add netty as a git submodule . 
update readme . md 
 ' 1 . 1 . 131 - snapshot ' . 
increment version to 4 . 0 . 0 . build - snapshot 
updated pt saying that i also improved rules 
added lightweight exception logging to asyncqueryhandler . 
update to target android - 21 to support material 
updated changelog 
updated groovy jar with missing method support and fixes to property resolution 
fix test 
no need to specify the jdk . 
decimal_precision . 
recycle style attributes typed array . 
change default version to 1 . 1 . 8 
enabled primitivetypestest . testkt882 ( seems that it was disabled erroneously . 
add assets for rg3 release maven badge . 
install rcs 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - configuration / . 
remove newline at end of version file 
readme 
lps - 52591 do not set portlettoolbar to null 
make timer thread run at highest priority 
updated changelog 
wcm - 626 default to liferay standard for package path 
remove " base_workspace " entry from . 
new screenshots 
update png 
java 6 compile error 
changelog for 4 . 0 . 0 - rc1 
adding a newline at the end of the file . 
updated changes . txt for breton . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / wiki / . 
lps - 60784 remove unused packageinfo 
add unzip as a dependency 
users - admin - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
fix breakage caused by visibility . 
updated changes , added not on bullet api changes 
fixed formating in travis config 
fix jdk8 doclint range to work with jdk7 in orchid 
updated sdk manager plugin to 0 . 10 
added storm - 3078 to changelog 
missing a dep , thanks travis 
removed dummy file 
bump version to 1 . 6 . 1 . 
add travis ci 
openssl submodule using https github mirror 
linux version of tools . jar 1 . 5 . 0_15 
add missing file for cassandra - 3563 
adding an xxxhdpi app icon . 
upgrade to joda - time 2 . 4 
possibility to publish the plugin to multiple channels 
camel - 9430 - mark braintree javadoc as optional 
return this instead of null in timeoutstream # resume 
remove jni . h include from iomx . h 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 17 
fixed up the wp logo in the action bar for a few dpis 
make deprecated on collections makers 
update travis build too 
delete manifest from git 
todo comment 
run travis on both java 7 and 8 
updated changelog 
oncreate should be protected 
update jar 
update changelog . txt 
start changes for 1 . 3 
adding icon for grails . 
update spongecommon 
add jekyll _site directory to . 
removed scaletype from base layout # 43 
after discussing with kevin , moved h2o . unit_main ( ) into h2o . init ( ) . 
update multiwords . txt 
upgrade sonar - update - center - common to 1 . 4 
disable scikit tests using means of cols 
update changelog for storm - 335 
implemented new constructor in embeddedneo . 
removed pmetadata from opengl 
make the systemui process persistent . 
add ' 1 . 3 ' and ' 2 . 0 ' to travis ci branch list 
updated changelog 
lib 0 . 1 
offer series style 
makes html attributes highlighter as markup in javadocs as well . 
fixed code indent 
update spongecommon 
update build . gradle 
use same icon for project / module files 
even being default , explicitly disallow intent redelivery to notification service . 
fix grammar error in rxjavahooks javadocs ( # 4191 ) 
formate code style and import 
update version to v2 . 1 . 1 . 
fix spongecommon ref 
framebuffer . settargetindex ( ) will set refresh needed on framebuffer 
update readme . md 
downgrade to fml 415 , issue with new imc system . 
lps - 55271 - workflow ui ' draft ' should be in uppercase 
stop cloning resource arrays in assetservlet . 
update readme . md 
 ' 1 . 1 . 134 - snapshot ' . 
add mavencentrail ( ) in allprojects of build . gradle 
ship backup manpage with enterprise debian package 
correct example to match the docs 
update news 
dynamic - data - mapping - data - provider 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
added junit lib 
 ' rxjava - 0 . 9 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
add release package 
update spongecommon for user lookup fix . 
add readme 
changed sbt version to 0 . 13 . 8 
added titan + rexster image 
windows batch file introduced 
fix condition to use await instead of wait ; patched by jun rao ; reviewed by neha narkhede ; kafka - 265 
mysql json template 
problem with two calls of ' moduleadded ' method fixed 
update version to 1 . 5 - snapshot 
add notice file to uninstall section . 
sonar - 7668 unwanted vertical scroll while activating a rule 
adding empty script to " pack . sh " ghostdriver ( a reminder . . . ) 
update int test now that jvmlibrary has binaries . 
added storm - 1472 to changelog 
change access modifier for onrestoreinstancestate 
include transparent favicon 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 12 
update readme . md 
removed api namespace and updated to use cordovaplugin for android 
lps - 51081 " buildcss " should point directly to the portal dir , so it does not need to download and expand portal - web 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 742 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
add simple editorconfig 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 31 - snapshot ' . 
edu - 237 comment test_task_windows by default 
don ' t performsend ( ) on onsave ( ) . 
update changes 
added latest jar 
soma additions to custom_value example 
fixed version in the notes 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 14 
update readme . md 
delete screenshot_two . 
update travis 
bumped to 4 . 0 . 0 - snapshot 
include sources in jar 
fix typo in cfdefinition 
adding a favicon 
update agrona dependency to 0 . 2 to drag in broadcast buffer and many to one ring buffer changes 
update version 0 . 1 . 4 
remove avatar glitch form dialogs list ; 
remove mention of emulator from building . md 
update changelog 
 ' 0 . 14 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
added an svmlight demo file to work with in local mode and test the record reader - > rdd stuff 
add different resolutions for ic_action_watched . 
fix for dsm - maven - report to use obfuscation 
updated changelog 
analysiscanceledexception processed 
fix test travis environments . 
bundle remote interpreters 
update readme . md 
built the latest snapshot 
override cannavigatetosource for the future compatibility 
center align retention table . 
add c - tape specific . 
move feature file 
indices . snapshot_index 
added demo040 . apk 
flush datamanager in kotlinjpsbuildtest 
remove the tmdb api jar from the app module 
updated mac natives to include new gdx2d stuff 
fixed compiler not depending on ensuregrammars 
add solarized patch to ace sync script 
add the ruby method snapshot # resource ( alias of snapshot # project ) 
python - cql update to 1 . 0 . 10 
added a simple reminder about building package for android 
fixed ugly bug in update dependencies ( incremental jps ) . 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 98 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
don ' t leak scanners when fetching suggestions from hbase . 
cassandra - 499 null - out row member on seekto ( ) 
rm echo . 
updates for release 0 . 15 . 11 
lrqa - 22944 record a new git commit for ' liferay - portal - ee - 7 . 0 . 
update readme . md 
small layout fix 
fixed ham crest jar in public build , removed reference to internal junit class . 
lps - 59106 - update lexicon to 0 . 1 . 19 
jetty - 9 per parser fields cache 
lps - 49320 this causes sql exceptions in some dbms ( like postgresql ) 
first to do list . 
prepare for version detection 
added travis 
update readme . rdoc 
fix inverted conditional in view . setfiltertoucheswhenobscured . 
import order for google refine projects ( this file can be imported , but shouldn ' t be needed generally if project settings are correct ) 
enable javadoc generation 
removed broken link to ' sonarqube . org / development ' 
lps - 56890 move icon to the right folder because otherwise it won ' t work 
requires auc in r in jenkins 
updated to new wrapper version 
fixed gsdenteralwayscollapsedparallaxfragment examples 
prepare next release v0 . 88 . 2 - snapshot 
catch throwable on startup rather than exception 
add final modifier to atomicboolean isstarted . 
textfieldui delete icon changed 
oops - wrong goal for release plugin 
fix travis configuration 
added acer iconia tab a700 
use the correct function to kill buckd in ` bin / buckd ` 
new portlet icon for the weather portlet 
roles - admin - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
as7 - 5700 removed version from maven - dependency - plugin 
lps - 44849 apply same fix to replyto 
bump version for dev 
update changelog 
fix logic error in carrierservice . 
trying to get travis to run all tests 
removing jar 
undid test fix ( syntax in question is now supported ) 
no embedded libclang for debian x86 
added a property to avoid the exception stack trace when running the console 
remove deprecated file 
change launchmode of accounts activity 
removing static from callback interface 
removed the background attribute completly . 
update build tools 
adding label in add - user . bat which can be called from line 49 
add npm lint task to gradle 
prepare release checkstyle - 7 . 1 . 2 
update changes 
add sample apk 
big ben 
update readme . md 
add new subproject to pom file 
include http_proxy_uri in example config 
removed unnecessary android properties file 
add # 3479 ( source and capture cqlsh commands ) to changes 
wrong context return fixed 
updated changelog 
nice to have a help for scope editor . 
require all files under lib 
cat health api didn ' t disable headers 
rat 0 . 11 
corrected versionname and versioncode to reflect base branch release6 . 0 
renamed file to match class name 
lps - 42699 a folder with long name will displayed out of range in recent 
added link to info on how tasks are posted 
manually bumped version . 
removed old ejb 3 . 0 jar 
make mediaplayerlistener interface public 
update manage . scala . html 
add missing liblog dependency 
lps - 35679 remove language key that it ' s no longer used 
upgraded hamcrest - library version 
update knownissues . md 
master for documentation 
fixed py - 3637 test runner progress in django 
fix ref to eventdispatcher on rctbridge 
publish ` gradle - process - services ` module 
update asrmaster - controller - https . 
made ref . fn ( ) use get rather than currentval 
clean up next version 
updates growl4j . jar built with java 1 . 5 . 
rc - 3 / 179 version bump 
made file permissions on openfire dist dir more strict . 
minecraftforge / fml @ 570faeb790745c35403c67fabab57651b71da576 added the ability to save transformed classes to disc for debugging . 
changed doc submodule from ssh to https transport 
start next dev cycle ( 2 . 0 . 3 - snapshot ) 
fix bug in last commit that caused block to not break . 
inject java 
overloadmethodcall test fix 
remove file 
switch off unsupported sparse extensions for our hg version ( 2 . 6 . 2 ) 
update apk 
made persistentstructmap non - final again 
test fixed 
lps - 28328 missing language key 
remove checkrepositories 
fixed race condition in dbtcpconnector . authenticate by putting in a call to checkmaster prior to getting a dbport to authenticate on . 
added compile dependency 
ignoring build props 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
reverted to java 7 for build as java 6 triggers a bug . 
tck fixes minor misalignment between code and comment , found via dotnet port 
lps - 47495 include bnd file 
don ' t generate dependency reduced pom 
debug setup 
update demo apk 
update changelog 
update rest - client to 5af74b66de71f26d1d707090a4b8af68556d1844 . 
revised git and svn icons 
add changelog entry for filip ' s inclusion 
ejb jar 
add missing @ param javadoc 
remove libarchive from travis build . 
lps - 15160 fixed sql query so that multiple scopes for permissions are correct 
use one buildtoolsversion 
make config match yaml ( # 6059 ) 
test on jdk7 
fix pom 
fix migration file ( date format ) 
lps - 5102 - adding support for easily namespacing the liferay object 
removing intermittent failed test 
move to 2 . 2 . 0 - alpha3 gradle plugin 
add ' 1 . 1 ' branch to travis deploy list 
restore source and target vm settings 
update jackson version 
fix duplicate declaration of felix plugin execution for jetty - runner 
lps - 68072 move language file 
udf in_file ( ) doesn ' t take char or varchar as input ( add missing data file in previous commit ) ( ashish via xuefu ) 
correct signing service name 
bump spongecommon 
bumping version number to next snapshot . 
add storm - 1535 to changelog 
grails - 7939 - the clean task now removes the top level lib dir 
add ' memoized ' to dictionary 
deleted support library 
only compile the services jar and so when using mmm 
decrease visibility of public constructor in non - public class 
replace sub - project reference ' ui_flow ' with ' auth ' 
update readme . md 
update the ptbtokenizer test to reflect the non - americanization 
travis ci file 
fixed commandline shell script for dirs with spaces ( part 2 ) 
updated to final version of storm 0 . 9 . 0 
update changelog 
get rid of outputs . uptodatewhen { false } 
lep - 3830 ldap user import 
make bazel compile ( a previous change added a graph - > jsr305 dependency that was not reflected in the build file ) 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 7 - snapshot ' . 
update readme 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 109 - snapshot 
bump to 0 . 0 . 13 - snapshot . 
airlines with headers . 
push api version to 1 . 0 . 0 . 
fix logo style now it has a link in it 
omnigraffle file containing sources for various images . 
lps - 43145 - build - test . 
clean up removesession 
only sign for uploadarchives 
removed synchronization in independent process to avoid problem in reload of certificates due to separate contexts 
newpropertyaction checks empty property keys 
update readme 
update dserver . sh to allow . 
lps - 68202 fail the build if indexing fails . 
push version to 14 . 0 . 1 , 11264 . 
flushing remote output in skeleton generation ( py - 6190 , py - 6191 ) . 
act - 402 added version to userguide title 
update location module 
increase date devider font size 
bump spongecommon ref 
update guava jars to v19 . 0 . 
upgrade netty 3 . 6 . 6 . 
revert " lps - 60569 update distribution zip to gradle 2 . 9 " 
update package . json to copy new files 
add ' appendable ' to dictionary 
update readme . md 
update proper changelog . 
better cover quality 
prepare preview version 20 . 1 . 2 . 
rewind source database content update to file write time on read 
let intellij module files export all dependencies . 
inced version 
removed step to change the java gateway port . 
update news 
ci instructions updatd to run on oraclejdk7 as 6 has eol in 2012 
update gradle wrapper distribution endpoint 
updated changelog 
updated vogar . jar to fix benchmarks . 
add buildcompat # isatleastnmr1 ( ) to api 
update screenshot for flow doc 
update readme . markdown 
update for new path locations . 
remove rotate ( angle , x , y , z ) from reference 
update changes 
make gbm weight test nopass again . 
change to runorder alphabetical to make the tests more predictable and 
reduced test logging . 
freenode verification for irc channel . 
fix default debug value 
add missing jar for people not using maven . 
downgrade proguard to 4 . 11 to prevent generic type issue in 5 . 0 . 
move a couple of checkpointing pyunits to nopass until further notice . 
add item click events to change log . 
test fixes 
fix up the makefiles and some samples . 
upgrade to latest httpclient 
postfix templates rebranding 
update eclipse project name 
avoid npe when trying to create a file that already exists 
fixes test error after changing autovalueextension api . 
reduce log severity ( no such field in jdk6 ) 
update changelog for release 
fixed mistake in changelog , soundcloud is going to be in release 2 . 0 
entries list made private . 
update readme . md 
volatile should ensure double locking to work properly 
pass all params across to zap . sh 
fixed index error that was failing the script to run . 
depend on agrona 0 . 4 . 9 - snapshot 
use full_name instead of fullname . 
make a field final . 
release 1 . 0 . 0 
update core module 
removed @ author tag . 
added travis file 
use preinstalled jdk in appveyor build 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 21 
make some space for scrollbars in the archive site 
lps - 54434 prepare next version 
fix crash when scrolling a layer 
update camerahelper 
add storm - 514 to changelog 
update spongecommon 
fix travis yml . 
up build tools 
update jar 
removed bin from . 
lrqa - 18226 move required poshi functional test dependencies 
use sdkmajorrelease for 3 . 1 . x branch 
move to the last version of cobertura 
info ( const char for both 0 and 1 
dll - > pyd 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 8 
sonar - 5333 speed up css transitions 
lps - 45879 change close button location from header to body 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portal . kernel . util , increment version to 6 . 3 . 0 
remove framework from local_java_libraries 
rename to nopass approach . 
give routing module a name 
no longer skip integration tests on jenkins 
remove - g 
resource leak in sqlutils . java 
add @ model to list of allowed annotation . 
use travis - ci ' s container based infra 
remove unused art files 
always build , even if the log exists . 
update alloy to 2 . 0 . x - deprecated 81fa466 
fixed regression in repository cache wrt repo names with case ( issue - 172 ) 
update readme . md 
mentioned hide offline feature in the changelog 
release description for 4 . 12 . 0 
updated spongecommon for tabcomplete lvt fix . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 140 - snapshot ' . 
out . wav 
excluded 053 - wait - some . 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - alpha3 
support line number arguments for emacs when using emacsclient 
patch proposal for request info data 
update readme . markdown 
dont call xvfb is its already running 
upgrade to maven - source - plugin 2 . 4 
add lang - javascript module 
fix image source prop change updating image 
add dashboard_widget_default_cache_time option to graylog2 . conf . 
updates travis config 
update readme . md 
update changelog for cassandra - 1201 
updated to include spin speed , rim width and better documentation . 
fix a copy paste misprint 
update nodes . md - correct spelling 
set activity state correctly when ending activity . 
version bump . 
remove rctlog from prod builds 
lps - 52935 the user ' s password is stored as a session attribute without a bundle prefix so retrieve it via the original httpservletrequest 
update release notes wrt # 146 
created readme 
remove uneeded install directive 
version date 
changed a + = of a null string back to the appropriate = sign . 
use latest platform tools and tools with travis . 
remove todo 
update wagon - ssh to 2 . 8 , issue # 790 
rebuild x86 linux binary 
added betayota branch to the auto - merge list 
debug data table becoming disabled when closing workspace . 
bugfix for git - buildpackage and the translation system 
use traversemode . walk consistently in transferedge 
add es5_class_extending_es6_class to typecheck . all_diagnostics so that it can be turned off . 
switch gradle download to https 
lps - 57905 increase master size to 256mb 
removed tinkerforge - 2 . 0 . 14 . jar from bin . excludes 
explain cl compression options 
add scope = test to hsqldb ( fixes # 330 ) 
prepare version 25 - beta2 . 
make travis build on more jdks 
updated annotations maven jars to version 0 . 9 . 8 . 
fix snapshot revision . 
removed " typed " in ref doc from typed table 
lep - 6305 - including new jquery plugin - livequery 
make a sample manifest . mf file 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 58 
gradle changes for kotlin support 
problem with default configuration file for unicast , closes # 1005 . 
lps - 47293 exclude the dependencyvisitor file from the source formatter source set 
updated changelog 
add a - d flag to dpkg 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 73 
bumped version to 1 . 6 
favicon 
adding junit in preparation from testing 
remove bottom padding 
changed readme . md version 
update grails version 
disable the jdk 6 and 7 builds on this branch - - no point loading up 
add david e . wheeler to guava authors 
release 1 . 2 preview 
updated changes . txt 
update changes . txt 
updating readme file name 
remove httpclient - 4 . 3 . 4 because it not compatible with art 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 4 . 2 
added dave parfitt to contributors . txt 
added rcov task 
updated for new florian icon 
trival change to increase default producer request timeout 
change importantfiles node name 
update dictionary 
change minsdkversion to 8 
changed version number for new release 
added ognl expression object graph expression language jar 
rename poll - > polls . js 
keep realmmodule class from being obfuscated 
add back missing submitminorifneeded ( ) ( from # 2284 ) after memtable flush 
update spongecommon for item destruct fix . 
disable proguard for fakeoemfeatures to fix build . 
log error reason 
update the version of junit from 3 . 8 . 2 to 4 . 5 . 
after project share performing some actions remain disabled until project reopening ) 
revert minsdk back to api level 9 
bump spongecommon ref 
field - wrapper 
temporarily disable 1 . 3 rule for idea_rt 
fix error with settext from layout 
renaming a testfile 
lps - 39798 fix test compile error 
remove incorrect ` __unused ` modifier 
minor readme update 
lps - 59449 update starting of tc server from start to run 
added bulgarian ( reached 100 % translation ) 
update changelog for storm - 492 . 
add issuemanagement declaration to poms 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / portlet - configuration / . 
fix ' 10 ' error in debugger 
set javadocs to use utf - 8 
file / images / icons / jetty . 
disables munging in animated to make dynamic dispatch work for private methods 
add ic_drawer for mdpi and xhdpi 
update news 
add classes to the libraryjar task 
note the version of ehcache used in the readme . 
jetproperty # getaccessors ( ) by stub 
fix issue with clearing the map of native objects without clearing the referencequeue . 
style list manage dialog list . 
don ' t add any h2o jar to the git ! 
added todo 
rename txtfielreader . md to txtfiereader . md 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 92 
no git modules 
idea - 74625 ( secure temp file creation in a startup scripts ) 
alpha - 2 / 244 version bump 
update amenity 
updating default wallpaper of large devices to match xlarge 
install database - migration plugin by default 
update to 6 . 11 . 2 - snapshot 
add alpha channel to user png 
enforce ternaryperexpressioncount of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
release notes 
update readme 
update jar 
upgrade version_name for maven release 
correct changelog . 
updated release_notes . 
change the gif pic 
adding the readme file of the lib directory of jdbc client 
update version to 0 . 2 in prep for a second release . 
updated gradle plugin for android studio 2 . 1 preview 1 . 
updating manifest . txt 
test for case when safe call on non - null value returns null 
used gradlew instead of grade for building the aar from maven 
update readme . md 
updated build tools to same as main project 
remembering next / prev will work better if they don ' t use the same constant 
apply oxford comma to description for generating ir codecs . 
added cppbuild . cmd . 
remove commons - cli sha and add jopt - simple sha 
update pom . xml 
settings are turned off by default in search everywhere 
updated changelog 
also closes the executor containing the connections 
updated studio 
use light theme for prokey , re # 314 
add some upcoming change in readme 
adding maven central to build 
pom update 
update applet with change on how to update blocks 
rc - 1 / 242 version bump 
executable - not - elf - or - script in / usr / share / elasticsearch / bin / elasticsearch . 
rc - 2 / 220 version bump 
disabled replicas in validate query test 
try to appease travis 
wip2 
add eclipseconfiguration gradle task 
allow rbx to fail in 1 . 9 mode 
fix website link in readme 
made iterable . iterator ( ) public in jdk - headers . 
forgot to pull close from pconstants 
fixed reduce parameter reordering 
fixing an issue with that damn bundle plugin again . 
addcontactactivity is now full sized activity ( not dialog ) 
update travis 
update travis config 
rename test_rf_mnist8m_s3n - > mnist8m_rf_bench 
added npm - debug . 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - rc2 
manually upgrade mockito version to 2 . 1 . 0 - beta . 123 
apache - jstl includes test dependencies 
enable detachvolumes in default configuration 
fix dist script 
update chapq1 . 5 . 
updated version in readme . 
mvn clean compile package 
update readme . md 
removed cached files 
slight modification to gremlin . sh . 
use the scalagenerator in the jooq - scala tests 
release 2 . 0 . 5 - fixing jooq - console for release on maven 
exclude sun . nio . ch . directbuffer from animal - sniffer check 
fix crashing when files pane encounters a broken symlink 
removing oracle / sun jdk 6 from travis and keeping only openjdk6 for version 6 
remove test i opted to host elsewhere 
more changes 
terrorist version bump ( to 1 . 4 . 4 ) 
readded a comment i didn ' t mean to remove 
update changelog . 
updated the bouncycastle library ( for srtp and zrtp ) 
fix power provider 
set keystore for desktopfilters . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - instances / . 
publish gradle - logging artifacts 
update finalbitmap . java 
deleted spelling dialog mockup 
resolved findbugs issues in cluster package 
ensure pygments version 2 . 1 . 3 is installed ( # 872 ) 
new 1x images for modes , fix for experimental menu buttons 
upgrade hystrix to 1 . 4 . 0 - rc4 
signing fix 
tweak travis 
add travis configuration . 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
lps - 54341 add @ override 
dynamic - data - mapping - form - values - query 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
update readme . md 
prepare version 24 - beta2 . 
index in ' rstudio / projects / templates ' folder 
commit access test 
changing travis ci configs works better if you get the stanza name correct 
fix niftyjmedisplay so that other locators can be registered for niftygui 
adding regression test for orange . fr 
lps - 63095 build . xml file 
increased cassandra version to 1 . 1 . 3 
bumping version 
disable codecov comment and changes status 
environment variable completion 
use minimum possible sleep time in order to minimize the risk of mixing the output 
solved problem with proguard . cfg 
update the changelog 
added binary with last compiled version . 
fix jsdoc type annotation in underscore externs . 
update videomenuscreen . ui 
lps - 67504 move to correct source dir 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / directory / . 
layout fix 
delete readme . txt 
s / host_unkown / host_unknown / 
made abstractdiagnosticfactory actually abstract . 
increase z - index of cursor in playback 
made no arg constructor protected to enable unit test coverage . 
lps - 32314 add @ override 
corrected to property syntax 
set xml plugin phase to verify ( minor ) 
travis doesn ' t support ' 2 . 2 ' on macs . 
update readme . md 
prepare project for the next development stage 
build on mac 
tostring ( ) 
prepare next version 
eclipse was complaining about the @ override 
change submodule from owncloudchalmers / android - library to owncloud / android - library 
update arsenal image 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
minor fix to doc for withbodycontaining 
add ` resources ` parameter to ` pythonlibrary ` rules 
use hasproperty 
remove checked exception from buffer . readbytearray . 
fixed indentation on an analyzer test 
removed unnecessary file 
updated changelog 
add buildcompat # isatleastnmr1 ( ) to api 
added serialversionuid to mongointerruptedexception 
update to hive - presto - shaded release version ( 0 . 1 ) 
application main constants moved to application . properties file in the main resources directory . 
updated issue with stephenerialization meta - inf services declaration . 
fixed an absolute reference to spongeapi . 
fix npe in abslistview hotspot management 
update changelog . md 
apply ( ) got to smart completion where ` this ` was expected . 
changed version in main build . gradle for master branch to 5 . 1 . 0 - snapshot 
mysql jdbc bug fix 
lps - 8736 - allow configuration popup styling to be targeted specifically 
add logback - classic jar 
new readme image file 
upgrade audioplayer to v1 . 0 . 8 
test should be ingnored for now 
bumping rest - client . 
rename libprotobuf - cpp - lite_static to libprotobuf - cpp - lite 
db . properties 
update spongecommon ref 
update spongeapi submodule 
bumping up version to 1 . 0 . 1 
fix order in build instructions 
clj - 1161 omit version . properties file in - sources jar for release builds 
tested 
incrementing minimal - json version due to serialisation bug in 0 . 9 . 2 
upgrade dependency to parent pom org . apache / apache from 9 to 10 
moved file . 
commits the windows binaries necessary for the vp8 support . 
desk share overview diagram 
update readme . md 
remove duplicated definition of alarm_active . 
fix inappropriate @ suppresswarnings . 
updated reference to oc library for android after build target upgraded to 24 
update readme . textile 
fixed bash syntax . 
removed pipeline . getstate ( ) call from start ( ) , it hangs capture on windows 
linux launch script 
resize default xlarge wallpaper . 
update android / extractzipfile / www / index . html 
demo apk and explanation file 
remove spurious @ deprecate tag from webview . onmeasure 
updated description in application . properties 
add new error string implemented by w3c speech recognition api . 
netty - 371 osgi manifest requires bundle - buddypolicy for 
update doc submodule pointer to latest wiki commit 
specify version of gpg plugin to use 
update readme . md 
changed travis config 
mahout - 1502 update naive bayes webpage to current implementation 
added a changelog to help better track changes through the various releases of gremlin . 
fixed a small layout bug in filter list 
don ' t publish spock - specs 
added functionality to support partially fillable loaders according to a percentage . 
update release_notes . 
add news item 
upgrade to buildnumber - maven - plugin 1 . 2 in order to remove use of repo tmatesoft . com 
only define _gnu_source if it wasn ' t defined yet , 
 ( no message ) 
set no - op install phase for shippable ci build 
jms now also enlists topic destinations as managed endpoints in jmx 
remove unused import 
fix mediasessioncompat adjustvolume crash pre - api 21 
the springsource logo now has a transparent background . 
add image for sdk and eclipse dir 
removed an extraneous log statement 
updated changelog 
release notes 
add missing local_min_sdk_version for support library demos 
update mixin submodule to fix travis . 
to english dic 
add coverage exclude . 
update submodule references for clojure , javascript , python & php 
missing icons . 
allowbackup = " false " 
fix build failure 
move resource bundle to proper directory 
update uiexplorer to xcode_7 . 3 
camel - swagger is deprecated - use camel - swagger - java 
begin version 1 . 4 . 3 . 
dataset for testing strong rules for jira pub - 831 
update changelog 
renamed module in bower config 
update readme . md 
changed allhooks test from a | to a | | 
update readme . md 
updated changelog . 
hhh - 8499 - prepare for 4 . 3 beta4 release 
change the layout_height in toolbar_spinner . xml to match_parent 
revert jdk8 travis change ( seem to be failing ) 
adding id 90027 , to support active scan ( alpha branch ) slackercookiedetector . java 
update recentchanges . md 
lps - 48170 - undo margin change 
use unshaded client 
lps - 56228 override 
add bluetooth include path . 
remove context from argument 
changes the hangup sound to a more subtle one . 
updated changelog 
add xxhdpi launcher icons for beta and x . closes # 174 . 
0 . 1 . 1 @ aar ' drop one quote 
sonar - 4923 add missing jira ticket on migration 
updated studio with links to odb side 
change mvn command in circleci cache 
update credits 
fixed error in maven snippet in readme . me 
one more apoc - > neo4j 
added ( class x ) , returns getclass 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 12 
added graphics for wiki on titan embedded 
rename migration file 
added resources module to upsource to make core inspections available 
removed value for default username 
lps - 17220 wiki page attachments links contain p_p_auth 
make scala build fork so it gets its own jvm args 
build . gradle patch 
grails - 1305 - applied fixed - width / monospace font for strack trace on error page 
updated changelog 
test fix 
bump version 
obsolete file 
put the marker on the server ml file too 
change the ant target to test - platform 
changed dependencies back to snapshot versions after tagging 
added missing test flag 
add api level 18 to javadoc ' since ' tags 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / quick - note / . 
act - 1103 adding documentation on message start events 
add androidmanifest to the lib 
changed updated version . 
updated version 
bumping to beta 4 
fire is now a soft block . 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 5 . 1 
add storm - 1664 to changelog 
remove sourcecompatibility requirement 
removed unused file . 
update readme . md 
upgrade to parent version 34 . 
hhh - 8733 - general build cleanup - hibernate - testing 
update version 
asset - categories - navigation - web 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
add - snapshot back after 0 . 2 . 0 release 
che - 651 add missing shadow 
lps - 45707 adding new jar file to classpath 
setting next development version in version . txt 
update facade class diagram 
set correct version 
update jar 
removing todo checks . 
rc - 1 version bump 
delete duplicate application . properties 
sonar - 5080 remove comments in minimized js 
set release version 
added back in author / revision info 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 97 
switch snapshot version to 2 . 0 . 1 
updated r vignette 
fix readme 
update changelog 
update contributors . md 
sonar - 1668 name of the project does not get updated 
fix compilation of skylarkshell 
added entity . remove ( ) which marks an entity for removal . 
auto cr / lf 
build tools 21 . 1 . 2 
rename navigate_point . xml to search_point . 
fix the build 
update readme . md 
increase heap size for unit tests as some hudson tests are failing with a oom 
add eclipselink provider & show icons in the list 
display latest docs as master instead of 1 . 2 . 0 - snapshot 
add storm - 1455 to changelog . md 
update spongecommon 
update pegasus version 
set focus to html preview frame on load 
up hadoop 
fixed a test 
make httpdatetime public ( but hidden ) , so the rest of us can use it 
bump pay - me version 
trying to fix build missing import . 
update android support libraries to 25 . 0 . 1 . 
update spongecommon for interactblockevent fixes . 
update version to 0 . 2 . 6 - snapshot 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 26 - snapshot ' . 
try to debug the travis build 
fix typo in settings . gradle 
trying to fix hungarian localization problem 
fixing build_unix script in mem_alloc test 
changing version number 
preferenceactivity should not leave message in looper when destroyed 
jal 59 - add new images 
lps - 23228 imagelocalserviceimpl . afterpropertiesset ( ) should call super . afterpropertiesset ( ) 
add open issue / issue to discuss to play spec 
added storm - 788 to changelog 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 3 
icons 
 ( groovy - 2293 , groovy - 2236 ) update to jline 0 . 9 . 93 for win64 + delete key habndling 
add # 3794 to news 
add comment about solving the bug 
add to destination to fix bintray deploy 
disable eslint rule which checks for space before closing bracket . 
push version to 13 - beta1 , 241 . 
bump version to 1 . 1 . 1 ( in gradle . properties ) 
sync - engine simplify 
updated gbm and glm booklets on github 
upgraded android gradle plugin to 1 . 2 . 3 
added dan to be notified by travis 
mac desktop ' s window menu was missing 
png optimization 
assume allnodesatleast21 until demonstrated otherwise ; see cassandra - 7161 
sonar - 5966 fix plugin actions 
fixed true - > true in class . c ( # 5 ) 
update version in build . gradle to 3 . 0 . 0 
reset to snapshot version . 
cleaning up the ant class loader once the task is complete . 
apacheds - protocol - dns scoped to test 
updated contributors list . 
honor the broadcaster manually set with jersey 
removing stuff useless for release 
lps - 53413 set 20 plugin groups 
upgrade parent pom version . 
upgrade to equalsverifier 2 . 0 . 2 
upgrade android version 
update spongecommon for at fix 
change travis configuration 
update pom for pr 
deprecated nonthreadsafe since not used 
allow and and or in default @ define values . 
fix a typo that prevented preserverects ( ) to work properly 
notnull 
remove dead aidl methods . 
fixed typo in travis . yml file 
updated project version 
add cdma_rmnet4 to list of monitored interfaces 
add pm 
lps - 58464 rename 
make travis builds less obscure . 
annotationchecker visibility corrected 
increase content_view_button_max_height for tablets 
update changelog 
fix failing uiexplorer integration tests 
update to guava 15 . 0 
carrot hppc 0 . 6 . 1 
add monthday , from chris pheby 
rat - exclude rpm files from updated location 
allowing for jpg to be found so we can add a sample test resource . 
fixed doc for main / repl 
kafka - 1109 need to fix gc log configuration code , not able to override kafka_gc_log_opts ; reviewed by neha narkhede 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc3 - snapshot ' . 
add todo for investigating system property clearing 
lps - 67352 add check ' nolinewrap ' 
reset to a placeholder when clearing a presenter 
sample improvements - fix build 
lps - 40766 - remove alloy - 2 . 0 . 0pr7 . zip 
updated the hadoop - core jar to 1 . 0 . 4 - p2 
update changelog . md 
using owasp . org email 
add back travis build status 
alpha - 12 / 273 version bump 
lps - 57473 - adding screenshot & thumbnail 
update changes file . 
cursortobulkcursoradapter . close must call mcursor . close instead of mcursor . deactivate . 
enforce eitherlogorthrowcheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
included new icons for the spiderajax plugin 
init action bar if oncreate completes without having done so . 
try hack sdk sign 
keep indy disabled for now . 
fixed a bug where disabled notification actions were not centered 
fixed py - 15859 map f1 and help button ( if any ) of the ipython notebook console to the specified id 
update gradle version 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 90 - snapshot 
fix method signature of serializer 
lps - 35804 keep panelcontainertag clean up for extended attribute like it was before 
upgrade to okio 1 . 2 . 0 
remove zip files before building release 
fixed serialization of collect node 
attempt to fix some ati driver crash on postshadowpssm15 
lps - 11811 npe when trying to assign organization roles to user 
update to the latest ` fastadapter ` to fix # 1041 
ensure group has a name 
remove accidentally committed core dump file 
update version to 1 . 1 . 1 
update changelog for storm - 330 
replace a ; with a , in pimage . prototype 
rc - 3 / 184 version bump 
last - minute changelog update 
added limits . h to headers to ijar 
lps - 5100 - wrong function name 
lps - 50938 return the value 
version update for readme dependency . 
updated webflow jars 
text with tabs gets misaligned in ace 
working around problem users might assign custom file type to something we later provided special language ft for . 
jabber logo icon moved to the resources package 
add jar file 
update gradle . 
lps - 66309 rename edit_organization_assignments . 
update readme . md 
fixed a bug in color where alpha changes were not applied , when setting using setchanging ( float , float , float , float ) . 
update readme . md 
make memory clear intent obvious 
fix path created by zip extraction in readme 
added new rounding methods to float and double that take a precision being the number of decimal places to round to ( update contributor info in pom ) 
upped version number , will release 0 . 8 . 1 immediately after this . 
move regex to dynamic package 
changelog 
remove unneeded build . dolasts for driver . 
upgrade gradle 
change npm install log level to info 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 151 - snapshot 
sourceformatter - missing space 
re - added sonar_token to travis . yml 
fix an issue with missing parameter annotations in methods without a body 
accept google ' s android sdk licenses 
updated setimage method in bootstrapthumbnail to use invalidate and requestlayout methods as recommended in android docs 
add unpack_premultiply_alpha_webgl from the webgl spec to 
fix for ldap qa build ( typo ) 
spelling . txt - removed ' arbeitssolln ' 
update linuxwindowssupport . md 
add proguard rules for bundle 
create readme . md 
use fastjson 1 . 1 . 12 
update contributors 
bumped version to 0 . 24 . 1 
aim wizard images 
updated wishlist to version 0 . 7 
fixing dependency in podspec 
re - map the route project name so that it doesn ' t collide with another project name 
nail maven javadoc plugin version 
should make android - v4 dependency optional since not every dependent project needs it 
add release notes 
update owncloud library reference to 0 . 9 . 4 
removed extra close ( ) method that threw errors 
show up navigation on cast list 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
update build tools version 
upgrade to guava 11 . 0 . 2 
bump to 0 . 8 . 12 - snapshot . 
disable broken test 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon for player death item drop fix . 
lps - 11928 - ie7 , ie8 functionalities broken add organization / community to user 
update factory images 
upgrade gradle build tools 
submodule library updated 
switch from xterm - 256color to screen - 256color 
updated default war dependencies to include hibernate annotations commons jar 
polish build . gradle 
don ' t use singletask mode ; was causing problems 
bundle stylus with pycharm 
fix merge issue with modules dir 
fix hide - > quit issue 
removing compile jar dependency which was messing up the pom . xml 
update jar 
different means of passing heap size to travis for the unit tests 
lps - 57159 do we really need this ? 
lrqa - 18257 add new wcm components to test . properties 
updated version manually . 
updating license file 
lps - 67281 update dtd file 
update to jython 2 . 7 - b3 
ensure caching is enabled if you provide a script as string 
ensure that jar files in libs directory are included 
reorder the fields of loghelper to be consistent with initialization order because blaze would complain about it 
update spongecommon 
update volley 
lps - 65920 ( web ) move js file 
adding method to return raw message object . 
next development version 
indri shared lib 
fix deploy . sh 
updated studio to 1 . 7 . 5 
remove git submodule 
upgrade to bytebuddy 1 . 4 . 18 . 
travis irc notifications in # syncany / freenode 
lps - 54322 re - add proper @ author credits 
made floatnode final 
removed a system . out 
making cobertura print xml 
update readme . md 
include appletviewer . policy file into both ce and ue distributions . 
update spongecommon for arrow event fix . 
sonar - 2116 cannot build 2 . 5 war , ant - nodeps - 1 . 7 . 0 . jar library is missing 
update jar 
update spongecommon 
tracking changes since 0 . 1 . 2 
lps - 44185 apply usage in workflownotificationhandler , since it opens the link in a dialog 
upgrade to gradle plugin 2 . 1 . 2 
forgot to remove extra delimiter from 9 - doc data set 
update changelog . 
mark standardcontext # aliases as private , because there is a getter method . 
update ios screenshot plugin . 
add lib / nokogiri / html / element_description_defaults . 
added socket . png variants for on and off 
don ' t include output files to ' sources . zip ' artifact 
don ' t set ` miswordpresscomuser ` to true for empty token 
updated gradle plugin version to 2 . 1 . 2 
update spongecommon for block physics fix . 
updated changelog with storm - 612 
update readme . md 
updated sbt - idea plugin version to 1 . 3 . 0 
remove unecessary < extension > element from maven - bundle - plugin 
update readme . md 
removed core update entry 
add ignitedasynctasksampleapp screenshot 
hive - 764 . 
trying with libunwind8 - dev 
lrqa - 20417 update clustering test properties 
upgrade to bytebuddy 1 . 4 . 7 . 
lps - 26341 set status to 0 ( i wonder if this is needed or is just redundant though ) 
add a comment about common . xml 
prep for next 4 . 0 . 0 . 
adding the photoshop source file 
back to javassist 3 . 16 . 1 - ga as 3 . 17 . 0 - ga requires java 7 
update sessiontimeout 3600 secs 
remove unused import statement 
fix unused test 
remove setting applicationid from library configuration 
specified correct maven goal and set integration profile for travis builds . 
add todo 
fix crash when disposing of iabhelper if service was never bound . 
getlocaltableblogid should return int instead of long 
caret is not visible in code panel after opening a file 
add sonar . woff 
 " jetty . sh start " returns 0 on failure 
updated changelog 
added all the documentation images to the repository . 
fix build . gradle 
files section 
how about actually adding the build - scan dependency . 
add grailscentral ( ) repo to sample application so dependency resolve 
small fix readme . md 
add jar for maven releases 
update again for common ref . 
update spam policy image . 
changed the return type of unresolveddependencyresult . getfailure ( ) . 
update readme . md 
reset for dev 
update readme . md 
added in storm - 1457 to changelog 
irc icons for the gateway plugin 
optionalchoosercomponent . 
update news 
update readme . md 
updated avs proprietary to 2 . 8 . 7 
h2oflowversion = ' 0 . 2 . 10 ' 
fix unicode blob tests enforcing lf on unicode - file . 
updated master version to 4 . 3 . 0 - snapshot 
fix nalu extraction of unit starts with a 0x00 naltype 
minimal json update version to 0 . 9 . 2 
prefer integer . valueof over explicit boxing 
remove unneeded version property . 
show default ` activeopacity ` value in docs . 
added cobertura plugin 
re - introduce border on code blocks 
adds mavenlocal to the maven repositories . 
update build . gradle 
new todo item 
update jar 
update knownissues . md 
set encoding to utf - 8 to prevent compilation errors in systems with other lang config 
moved ( copied ) components and ported to kernel / index / shell 1 . 0 - snapshot . 
delete qrcode 
move changelog file up to root of repository . 
removed unnecessary @ suppresswarnings 
update to version 2 . 43 
jruby 9000 ! 
 ( groovy - 2236 ) upgrade jline to 0 . 9 . 92 for win64 support 
partial fix for remove tag version from all javadocs , # 718 
minsdkversion = " 3 " . 
prepare for next release 
bump version number to 2 . 0 . 5 
mark android - support library as optional . 
removed unnecessary continue statement 
run travis build on linux and os x 
fixed a bug where subtasks data could become corrupt after migration 
remove dead import 
add missing jdk classes to mockjdk 
always hide pgp snackbar after decrypting a message . 
update sqlcipher lib to 3 . 4 . 0 
pluginmanagerconfigurable . getpreferredfocusedcomponent 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 46683 
use from instead of source property . 
prepare version 26 - beta2 . 
ensure that elevated privs are not required to run the temporary installer used to create the uninstaller for signing 
fix export on ` ldapcomponent ` 
update readme . md 
add storm - 1735 to changelog . md 
update android gradle plugin to 1 . 1 . 3 . 
 / / hazelcast . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 2066 3f8e66b6 - ca9d - 11dd - a2b5 - e5f827957e07 
minor change in wording of the release notes . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 132 - snapshot 
added change log 
samples update 
deleted tools . jar 
added storm - 729 to changelog 
removed prerelease tag 
cassandra - 7359 changes . txt 
update sonatype version 
audioplayer v1 . 0 . 14 
lps - 13776 
proguard rule update 
updated preview gif 
updated for forgegradle 1 . 2 
fix an issue wherre error notification will not be sent after mediaplayer reset 
updated sample apk . 
move beandeclaration to correct package 
added storm - 1414 to changelog 
remove extra version 
support init 
modify to use new gradle task 
prepare for next release 
rename class to match file 
changelog has been updated 
update readme . md 
log ioexception 
add missing keystore 
updating readme 
introduce internal ` server ` command 
make sur ping doesn ' t ends up here 
sample should use dolast ( ) instead of dofirst ( ) 
update build . gradle 
beta 2 version bump 
lps - 65012 fix frontend - js - bundle - config - extender dir structure 
release 2 . 7 . 0 - rc0 
reset layout properties refresh . 
stairs are standalone blocks 
removed new lines 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 78 
lps - 28614 disable dynamic resize of images in creole editor 
add build section to readme 
bytebuddy updated 
fix bug 5030341 - actionbar . getheight is inaccurate in 2 - row mode 
enable build file sandboxing in fbobjc 
renamed the project to ' gibberbot ' 
update sample to latest support library 
fix linebreaks in summary in readme 
update specify - conf . 
updated changelog 
more images . 
testing bzr 
add tab localization 
no - functional change . 
minor site css adjustments 
hive - 5773 - fix build due to conflict between hive - 5711 and hive - 5713 
update regexes . yaml 
made location . clone ( ) public . 
fixed title for filters aggregation documentation 
reverting everything back to 0 . 9 - snapshot 
throw an error if we can ' t determine the current commit id . 
parallelize the core tests . 
lps - 58332 fix typo in sql query 
upgrade os - maven - plugin to fix a build issue on windows - x86_32 
apparently single - digit numbers as chars also suffer . 
add travis . yml file 
add # include < cstdio > . 
updated changelog 
change version to 3 . 0 . 0 - 1 - snapshot 
remove printstacktrace from resolveresources - it was printing stack trace during grails help 
update readme . md 
help robolectric find androidmanifest . xml 
update pom 
ignoring nb - configuration . xml . 
add java setting to coverity build 
populate twodimtable for cm in constructor . 
add background when longpressing to tasktext part of task body 
ant plugin added to standalone jps distribution 
call papplet . exit ( ) in windowdestroynotify ( ) , fixes # 4156 
added new version 
add issuemanagement section with jira url 
made hashcode ( ) safer 
upgrade to gradle plugin 2 . 2 . 0 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 128 
allow leading spaces in unassigned shards lines 
rc - 1 / 176 version bump 
made exception public to allow reflective use . 
turn off sanitizer expansion in separate preprocess and compile mode 
change package name to match the one actually used by the generated java file . 
make close ( ) in abstracttestqueryframework callable by testng 
doc changes 
use simperium 0 . 4 . 6 . 
shade infinispan and dependencies 
updated changelog 
remove opengl - lwjgl jar from rev control 
jetbrains . dic + " hadoop " 
remove static _book . yaml in favor of generated version ( samples_navtree_data . 
changed license year to 2014 
tweak news text 
updated changelog 
updated build version 
new groovy jar 
update version 0 . 1 . 2 
updated mina with fixed stats version . 
update spongecommon to fix gameprofile lookups with invalid uuid ' s . 
document better setup of eclipse which includes source jars for easier debugging 
turn on subrepo for modules / apps / web - experience / journal 
remove a problematic empty update optimization . 
fixed icon_edit attr 
plugin updates again . 
remove check . dependson springsnapshottest 
upgrade to gradle 2 . 5 and gradle plugin 1 . 3 . 0 
lps - 65786 ( service ) move wsdd files 
move netfilterqueue into package 
add missing dependency on project generation tasks for performance tests . 
update readme . md 
add missing override annotation 
keywords . txt java had space instead of tab as separator at ' color ' type 
restore screen_check_period constant . 
too much logging for info level 
knock version back to 1 . 6 
lps - 62767 updates gradle cache 
zeppelin - 112 add comment for encoding 
add to changes . txt 
add screenshots from sample application 
another flaky test . 
update jackson jar to the official 1 . 9 . 0 , now that it is out 
moving readme to readme . md to gain the benefits of markdown formatting on the front page 
release version 3 . 2 . 2 . 
ea - 35849 change error logging to debug logging 
added copying to jsonpointer constructor 
prepare version 20 . 0 . 1 . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 144 
new branding . xml . 
another attempt for travis ci . 
add bukkit adapter for mc 1 . 9 . 
included haproxy in the index 
bundle source code pro 1 . 010 , it has fixes for bold ampersand rendering ( idea - 95675 ) 
introduce a way to close cleanly raft log segments 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 36 
dir diff icons 
lps - 45044 fix tinymce_simple change callback 
 ' 1 . 1 . 125 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 51081 disable gradle parallel builds for now , sb does not support multiple invocations at the same time . 
add missing piece to the build . gradle . 
replaced broken resource ; changed format to binary 
upgraded version in etc / pom . 
don ' t clear selection during repaint to avoid blinking of test ' s tree when selection is hold by a leaf of a collapsed node 
update to hadoop 2 . 7 . 3 
push version to 15 , 15002 . 
refelementnode - - remove exclusion optimization idea - 157206 
push version to 13 . 1 , 11256 . 
upgrade to jetty 9 . 0 . 2 . 
bump release number to 1 . 5 . 5 
nestedscrollview onstopnestedscroll fix 
readme update . 
update mixin submodule 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 101 - snapshot 
update daosupport . java 
lps - 66316 ( web ) move icon file 
added storm - 791 to changelog 
ability to set secret via environment variable 
camel - 2260 - put felix lib back on javaconfig example ' s classpath 
added flag isdescriptoroptional ( ) to deploymentdescriptormetadata 
add todo in cba rebalancing 
added storm - 1147 to changelog . 
 ' nflx - servo - 0 . 4 . 18 - snapshot ' . 
added script alerts 
update tests to track unresolved urls 
fixed travis build that did not actually run integration tests so far . 
update readme . 
apk 0 . 5 . 0 
added banner file for readme . md 
fix a checkstyle error 
prepared for next development iteration 
update readme . md 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 1 . 
travis , i love you , but you ' re bringing me down . 
add empty ` dependencies ` 
truncate tables before each test in analysisreportdaotest 
add missing require ( " map " ) 
restore grails - scripts to settings . groovy lost in previous commit 
added jsp invoketag that allows calling of tags defined in a grails taglib from jsp 
updated changelog 
lps - 16054 duplicated key my sites 
change notice file to account for json license components ( jesus camacho rodriguez , reviewed by thejas m nair ) 
using __main__ check in graph python 
add xxhdpi application icon 
do not remove node / bower modules on gradle - clean 
add sql console module to jooq - copy authors . txt 
add sample apk 
upgraded elasticsearch 
update readme . md 
removed typo at the end of the shader 
com . tinkerpop . rexster . config should be marked as an optional package 
flush ssl shutdownoutput 
fix two more errors in jspxml . dtd , found by validating the file in eclipse ide . 
 ( no message ) 
remove - werror 
lps - 26321 temporarily force everyone to use the liferay security manager . 
prepare version file for next release 
added a test case for running programs in idea 
revert " fix regexpquerybuilder # maxdeterminizedstates " 
added call to hystrixplugins . reset ( ) in hystrixcommandtestwithcustomconcurrencystrategy 
warn about unknown properties 
update styles . xml 
 " unescaped " 
update spongecommon 
revert " update readme . md " 
fixed public test 
add explanation for the ` progress ` labels 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 884 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
disabling loading of recent message for global inputs for extractors 
syn_binary10kx100 
move unit test 
override annotation 
update readme . md 
call setextent ( ) when setworld ( ) is caleld on parsercontext . 
added storm - 1163 to changelog 
mysql driver version update 
update changes . txt to add yarn - 3697 to 2 . 6 . 4 release 
replace future < t > with t in ejb implementation 
forced build with ci settings 
updated debian changelog 
lps - 44046 ; lps - 43588 - update alloy 2 . 0 . x to f9fbd96c201e419e8d623799285d546da6aa64b1 
fix a typo in credits 
update to latest build tools 
faster nodata exception creation 
do not merge take fake bold font property into account . 
move from nopass because it seems to work . 
since no initial reformat happens , rename 
add default export for rolesstore . 
set charset of javadoc to utf - 8 
jna 4 . 2 . 2 
update cacheword for latest 
fix for grails - 2239 
fixed slf4j - simple dependency 
made the mistake of opening anything in finder 
added clover . license 
move over documentation to the module 
bump common and forge build dependency . 
moved this script to copy the recently built lombok . jar to the same location that the installer uses . 
allow null to be cached in memory for unavailable urls 
fix typo in readme file 
update android gradle plug - in to 0 . 13 . 3 
remove a wrong char " 7 " 
speed up sqlite integration tests 
next version 
add depart icon in itinerary step row 
update findbugs maven plugin to 3 . 0 . 1 , issue # 865 
proper pty4j library name ( idea - 143758 ) 
allow failures of jruby - 20mode for now . 
lps - 53821 fix ds portletkey in portal 
updated support library to latest adk release . 
target api level 22 for api . 
configure irc notifications for travis ci . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 5 
reduce the priority of the tts thread . 
update readme . md 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 3 . 10 - snapshot ' . 
added comments to lazily initialized singleton implementation . 
upgrade to maven coveralls plugin 3 . 0 . 1 
update release notes 
updated synced version of the library . 
modern parent version 
bump sqlcipher core to 3 . 1 . 0 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 102 
update readme . md 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 5 
mysql jdbc bug fix 
include atomic headers . 
update license ; copyright to 2014 
setting defult action in build . xml for bbb - web to run 
update changes to reflect 0 . 45 . 1 release 
layout fix 
add - version 
update news 
add capability to aa profile 
fix travis ci build 
updated i386 - freebsd build 
fixing advanced play sample to reflect changes to coffeescript plugin not importing javascript plugin by default . 
linux shared lib , can ' t test it though as my vm has problems with exposing opengl functionality . . . 
minecraftforge / fml @ e3ce211cc798f4d86ca6f974d9ba8b4e389b4dc9 nullcheck the dispatchers on players . 
trying new build infrastructure 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - lock / . 
disable mcl tests as they fail and need to be rewritten 
change test to medium 
reverting minor - minor version change in build . properties . 
add changelog for 644 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 6 . 
grep lint error after a failing build 
rephrase readme to refer to stethointerceptor directly 
add " rb " in load_model . 
delete outdated wiki snapshot ( replaced with asciidoctor documentation ) 
update multiwords . txt 
adding cudaruntime . dll into git repo 
check interface before invoking schedulelowmemory 
updated the changelog 
updated minifyenabled and shrinkresources examples 
remove redundant info from androidmanifest 
fix build 
restored missed file in 1 . 6 . 2 
bugfix native ui android docs 
update onresume arguments 
maven - resource - plugin 3 . 0 . 0 ( # 3206 ) 
lps - 16035 this string was lost in the last rollback 
increase timeout in titan - dist cassandra tests 
upgrade to jruby 1 . 6 . 8 
lps - 36119 method should be protected 
lps - 42141 - disable velocity cache in developer mode 
excluding traversal for now 
updating readme for repo 
replicate text and sounds settings for managed profile . 
this sleep isn ' t necessary 
bump to v6 . 0 . 1 - snapshot . 
remove newline at the end of xml file 
update spongecommon for collideblockevent support . 
make test run install 
fixed dsym archive 
removes that yahoo ! messenger tests in order to be able to provide a build . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / flags / . 
update server . md 
updates the jain - sip lib to include a fix for ipv6 calls . 
remove obsolete maven artifact files . 
includes the notice file in the release 
disable perf ad - hoc tests for build scans 
fancy new lockscreen bg 
ingore exception 
stop to remove device rows at mtpdocumentsprovider . 
register jmh sourceset in idea . 
package name 
lps - 1715 remove unused jar 
adding stateful sample 
update google_checks . 
upgrading parent version . 
replaced frp with rp in readme title 
custom avro build ( genavro patched for defaults ) 
no message 
update news 
bump version to 1 . 8 . 30 
update spongecommon for interactitemevent fix . 
adding setting of grails context so fix reloading grails app twicebug 
fix readme 
restored icon . ico 
link to survey 
dispatch up event to fix fling 
adding todo for system overview diagram 
deleted out of date async driver readme 
lps - 31823 xss in search portlet if results are displayed in document form 
tested with 6 . 0 
o adding missing properties to gitblit . properties for adjusting the context path . 
update apk 
don ' t publish spock - report yet 
update spongecommon for piston , inventory , and weather fix . 
formatting of readme 
removed item from todo 
add missing @ override to lookupsource 
add maven central repo to readme 
update gradle 
removed rakefile . 
remove constant tag as it is not used . 
todo 
update morfologik - stemming to 1 . 5 . 3 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal / . 
unit tests fail on windows because of difference in input file size ( thejas nair via ashutosh chauhan ) 
since sortfields can ' t be null , enforce it 
readme change 
add checkstyle plugin to lifecycle mapping exception to get things work without warnings on kepler . 
updated changelog 
add travis caching 
update gradle 
updated parent version to 19 - snapshot . 
upgrade xmlunit to 1 . 2 
update news 
core - 1086 
add thrift compiler for windows 
fix gitfetch 
update spongecommon 
added request id for newlineateof 
update for travis to do verify and site build validation 
prepare for next 4 . 0 . 0 development 
renamed hopper to chute as discussed 
gh - 29 add simple sharding capabilities for jdbc driver ( kibab ) 
updated library reference 
added files via upload 
lps - 65330 copy servermanagerservlet 
add back cordovawebview . geturl ( ) - needed by tests & does make sense to have 
notnull annotation 
update readme . md 
bump to minecraftforge 1 . 9 - 1855 . 
document that downloadmanager supports https . 
notnull 
rename dl pojo scoring tests to have _large suffix since they take > 1 minute ( totall ) . 
replace refresh with cluster . health check 
bumped version to 0 . 11 . 0 
introduce a dependency on ant 1 . 6 . 2 by using the " forkmode " attribute on 
new asmack lib 
adding log4j . properties file into jstun . jar to stop warn4jlog messages 
lps - 65144 new methods + providertype = minor version bump 
set for dev 
windows executables for launch4j 
zookeeper - 1895 . 
update project . properties to support renderscript 
delete authors . mit 
travis cache enabled 
try to prevent merge conflicts for pom . xml 
add storm - 1723 to changelog 
test was unbound ! 
remove es client . close ( ) . 
changed id to cli friendly format . 
disable progess screen if not setting up iab helper . 
do not configure undertow listeners as reversed with the reverse proxy 
fullbackupcontent to androidmanifest . xml 
test 
use new alluxio logo 
return the document if a < / stream > is received . 
update bower . json 
updated changelog 
travis ci support 
upgrade to sbt 0 . 13 . 5 
update readme . md 
no new - book - event branch 
updated version . txt for # 353839 . 
gruntfile 
use simperium 0 . 4 . 8 
update spongecommon for inventory dupe fix . 
fix nesting of stopping docs 
added storm - 797 to changelog 
new drlvm - vts - bundle version ( fixed jni build problem on mac os x ) . 
updated agrona dependency to 0 . 3 
adding rootbeer1_paper . pdf ( hpcc - 2012 conference paper ) 
update test10 . conf to trigger 
change sorbian iso 639 - 2 from wen to hsb 
hashedsession deidles itself via getmaxinactiveinterval every time scavenger is run 
forgot to nopass this . 
storm - 1217 
now acls only has tester as a whitelist user 
update app version 
changelog date 
lps - 52534 enable logic to apply diamond operators 
plane bug fix . 
added readme for build status 
add lucene version in plugin . properties file 
changed project from agent to instrument 
update spongecommon for pvp setting fix . 
fix builders databases loading empty 
update examples jar ( windowutils ) 
version bump ! 
lep - 3465 - add / journal / get_article to auth . public . paths 
update travis to include more jdks 
update gradle plugin to v . 1 . 0 . 0 
update readme . rdoc 
added missing package export 
test awaits lucene snapshot upgrade 
move chicago crimes to top of queue to test execution time 
removed declare of atom and swap ! 
lps - 67049 move unit test to correct module 
updating version . txt 
adjust the lint xml absolute path for relative path 
update gradle version 
added missing files 
remove unused import alluxio . util . osutils to pass checkstyle 
fix the glyph for u + 3a34 in droidsansfallbackfull . ttf . 
enable_graphite_output config var for example config file 
removed unnesessary print stmt . 
add recommended order of import statements 
added missing call to super . close ( ) . 
we should be to 1 . 4 now right ? 
lps - 43110 reset margin - top accordion style when panels are minimized 
remove unused webapplicationcontext property 
updated version in readme . 
prepare version 27 - beta1 . 
created travis . yaml 
remove junit as a dependency ( maven finds it automatically now ) 
add a test for xml declaration in xslt output 
krakatau update 
undertow - 401 request scheme attribute returns the wrong thing 
 ' 1 . 1 . 111 - snapshot ' . 
update spongecommon for portal fix . 
accepts parameter for jar to scan or defaults to $ java_home rt . jar 
fixed a minor typo at the top ( cloudera chd3 - > cloudera cdh3 ) 
fix xml version header in javascript - hl . 
lps - 68814 add missing test property 
ognl needed by webflow , so included 
increase version to 1 . 0 . 1 
update tests to android - 19 
upgrade to os - platform - finder 1 . 2 . 1 
create a max timeout of 1 minute per test for the buck build . 
update library reference 
airplane file change 2 
compile vs spark 1 . 5 . 1 
name change to activate test 
add right padding to origin label 
lower minsdkversion to 8 
updated changelog 
got rid of ' service leaked intent error ' 
updated fml to 121 to fix world tick issues . 
add an initial travis . yml 
wip9 
set vertx - parent to version 2 
avoid using npm 3 on build_release . 
re - enable master for travis - ci 
new rules 
updated changelog 
lps - 55529 localize configuration name 
exclude unit tests from jar 
added storm - 766 to changelog 
create jar file 
fixing the bnd and jar packaging by manually overriding the exports 
fixed up changes 
apply the ' osgi ' plugin , so the jar includes a bundle manifest . 
configuration settings for freeswitch profile password 
temporarily changed resolution strategy to enforce download of very latest spock snapshot 
added files via upload 
added padding on sidebar icons so they don ' t touch the edge 
added local . build . properties to the build so the user can have properties that are not in a file handled by subversion . 
add missing coming tag 
sample apk 
pic 
bundle editorconfig plugin 
switch offline docs back to standard templates that now have a condition for ' referenceonly ' 
upgrade netty - build to 11 
incorrect breakpoint gutter icon when stepping ( if another thread was on a breakpoint ) 
update context path for tonr2 ( fixes gh - 250 , fixes gh - 280 ) 
remove some not needed fields in the jobs table 
update crate - admin to not depend on number_of_replicas being a number 
put greendao - 1 . 3 . 0 - beta - 1 . jar in libs for eclipse 
make accessibilityservice # disableself atomic . 
lps - 57001 changed access modifier of the method to public . 
kafka - 1940 ; initial checkout and build failing ; patched by martin lemanski ; reviewed by jun rao 
renamed eclipse project 
updated version 
don ' t distribute web - app 
don ' t index unsaved files ( ie , no context ) 
update to airbase 40 
update osmand / src / net / osmand / plus / activities / osmandexpandablelistactivity . java 
update guess_fields option in . 
s / metric_value / metric_name / 
sporadic minimr test failure ( navis via ashutosh chauhan ) 
specify gradle version 
gh - 100 - attepted to fix travis java version 
fixed a fixed a typo . 
update readme . md 
added liquibase . integrationtest . local . properties to . 
add code to . 
record absolute uri for passing to response filter 
krakatau update 
prepare next release v0 . 86 . 2 - snapshot 
updated changelog 
update change log for disallowing void return type . 
readme information . 
move pyunit nofeature to pass 
upgraded to junit 4 . 11 
updated changelog 
updated changelog 
improved assertion messages in failing replicatedmaptest tests 
build 2 . 82 binary again 
fixed license 
regulate the height of the components so no vertical scrolling is needed 
typo in readme . md ( firebasui - - > firebaseui ) 
create readme - zh . 
update app . conf 
updating buildtoolsversion 
annotations . jar added to mock jdk . 
delete tasks . meta 
fix rs docs 
fixing an issue with that damn bundle plugin again . 
restore original gradlew 
added upgrade script 
fix applebundle # getbuildsteps ( ) so it returns a non - null value . 
add screenshot 
set version 
update library 
add support for displayname 
removed extraneous jar 
fixed style attribute . 
updated changelog 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / export - import / . 
prepare for 2 . 8 . 3 
built new snapshot 
qmdb schema update 
update changelog 
for trakt check ins the response includes info about the show . 
new rotated 1d barcode test case 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
remove unused images 
update readme . md 
update test for class object completion 
lps - 59594 run format - source checks outside the portal 
lps - 66925 migrate packageinfo 
send non - physical change event + track invalidation of elements in javaresolvecache 
add syntax highlighting . 
fire onconferencechanged after reseting conference . 
make getvirtualfile public 
not a great image to have 
remove gradle wrapper files from . 
depend on agrona snapshot . 
repaint after new plugin component is added 
fixed emoji style 
update readme . md 
renamed class to fix capitalization issue 
fetch from all remotes when trying to get the required revision . 
update docbook plugin use to new gradle 0 . 9 + syntax . 
re - release 4 . 1 . 2 with ' final ' qualifier 
scope slf4j - log4j12 to provided 
restore defaultdict import 
updated changelog 
delete okhttputils - 2_3_8 . 
added storm - 1596 ot changelog 
add permissions screenshot . 
revert " use latest build tools version . " 
fixed typo at proxy authentication 
lps - 47974 icon menu alignment is slow on mobile devices 
add more eclipse project configuration 
lps - 67352 add check ' annotationusestyle ' 
upgrade postgresql driver 
added example screenshot 
fix coveralls 
snapshot 
do not destroy the broadcaster 
new sync icon 
update build . gradle 
altered wording in " not a bug " standard response . 
update spongecommon for writetonbt fix during snapshot creation . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 133 - snapshot ' . 
replace thrift jar . 
remove duplicate playsoundoncapture property ( # 299 ) 
updates ambrose screenshot referenced by readme . md 
adding blank html page 
new k - 9 lib 
tell travis we don ' t need sudo so we can run on a more modern build infrastructure . 
moving to diff package 
add optional url element to some rules 
decrease lengthin some lines of the library 
add changelog 
move protobuf library to community distribution 
aligned pom . xml with the other components . 
updated annotations to revision 22 
updated reference to library after upate copy request implementation 
temporarily move to nopass . 
spi for jsr - 88 deployment for webaplications . 
added the legend to the bottom of the graph . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 3 - snapshot 
update travis . yml to use the new travis infrastructure 
updated changelog 
added build_tmp to . 
adding storm - 1120 to changelog . md 
change sbe to be 1 . 4 . 0 - rc4 - snapshot 
release notes 
lps - 7444 - journal css removes margins on too many uls 
accidently commented out fetchall 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 13 
eric ' s radix merge tests on real data turned back on 
slack integration 
new shiny cross compiled windows natives . 
add examples flow pack . 
updating to ' beta ' version number 
catch namenotfoundexception ( support info ) 
 / / svn . liferay . com / repos / public / portal / trunk @ 13007 05bdf26c - 840f - 0410 - 9ced - eb539d925f36 
reinstate signing plugin , looks like it was needed 
fix setshowcamera method 
update contributors . md 
moved astbrowserproperties from src / main to src / resources . 
fixed path to base persist directory for rand example 
fixed casing in test - resource file . . . 
use " official - release " profile when releasing . 
more interesting tostring method for scope 
update spongecommon ref . 
reset times and tag . 
building up a . 
added javac_no_deprecated_warnings . 
increase max memory for scala compilation integ test 
promote inconsistentarrays lint check to error 
modified release task 
move strong rules memory test to large 
kafka - 504 catching the wrong exception in the test for snappy compression , added check for snappyexception too . 
remove component annotation 
rename in project file 
we need to forward all properties in the testing . properties file to the application . 
update pom . xml 
added # tostring ( ) . 
gh - 471 - added retries to travis 
update readme . md 
exclude log4j in kafka dependency as well 
lps - 62365 apply overflow to table 
remove some dependencies from the integration module . 
rename pig tutorial note to consider priority 
fixed dialog start time value . 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 0 . 12 - snapshot ' . 
restored public access for entities . escapemode 
run benchmarks on previous revision as well 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 88 
rename a few runits to have nopass . 
improve banner 
metagen - 94 adding " test - output " to . 
increase version number to 0 . 5 . 
png 
updated library reference after merge 
adjust version . txt for new release 
disbale primopts test for indy 
conf 
test for function call with projection type arguments 
attempt to fix travis build 
update readme . md 
we should split path by \ as path separator show splitted path in case of windows 
lrqa - 26525 update timeout . explicit . wait to 2 minutes 
align wrapper javadoc with actual implementation that was changed by r926377 . 
improve naming in license file 
release version 0 . 0 . 6 
renamed listener ' s paramter to opacity . 
added missing compiled file . 
moved domain builder into core project 
fixed missing dependency for gradle - sonar build 
add a tostring method for flickr photo objects 
update spongecommon ref . 
 ' 0 . 4 . 42 - snapshot ' . 
update spanish build script 
update spongecommon 
update keyguardstatusview on user and alarm changes 
fix unnecessary boolean expression 
updated readme file 
add collapsable items to readme 
added missing script line 
use singlequote instead of doublequoe on sample . android . js 
refactored usecase 
fix a bug that findbugs found 
upated to astyanax 1 . 0 . 6 
android - 22 for target 
missing break in filterselectivityestimator # visitcall ( ) ( navis via ashutosh chauhan ) 
update to checkstyle 6 . 7 . 
lps - 63351 remove themes folder 
add new files to the package 
only include gradle cache directory in travis cache 
changes in samples 
fixed build . gradle so that drivr - compat test can use code from driver test 
fix fbthrift 
undefined is not falsy in java land apparently 
exclude grails jars from lib 
update owncloud android library reference 
update android gradle plugin to 2 . 2 . 2 . 
move network usage sample zip 
testing bzr 
 ` _type ` instead of type field 
add new workspace icon . 
info logging for travis build . 
lrdocs - 3092 change to longer markdown extension , for consistency 
fixing typo in expdecayfunction and adding offset to all dacay functions 
corrected typo in year in license 
don ' t upload any artifacts in the testing module 
refine history markdown format 
eliminate more flakiness in daemonlifecyclespec 
zookeeper - 999 . 
fix defaultpreset direct apply . 
update changelog 
osx / ppc universal versions of the jogl jnilib files 
fix navigator exception when touching during transition 
update build . gradle 
udpated version to 2 . 0 . 3 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
right alignment for distance and time in instruction list . 
omg , there ' s a proper ` bool ` type in c now ! 
updated html header ( of - 65 ) 
update spongecommon for world gen chunk leak fix . 
update the changelog 
bump analytics plugin version 
updated changelog and contributors file 
snapshot 
update cglib to 3 . 2 . 1 
change of the name of the packetizer ( report by thomas hofer ) 
make start otr menu the green / verified one 
upgrade to okio 1 . 0 . 1 
snapshot 
don ' t attempt to run ` jps ` for the ibm jvm . 
update airlift to 0 . 68 
fix android build 
removed members provider for sqlalchemy declarative_base 
travis change 
version bump to 6 . 11 . 1 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
make even color a bit lighter . 
better fail hard in case of an error while fetching current mongo operations # webinterface - 105 
update spongecommon for new ' leaf - decay ' config option . 
test 
removed leftover ` dispose ` 
fix objective - c example in readme 
removed old studio 
prepare library for development 
noticed revently that some webcams were not successfully opening on other computers . . . lowering the quality just a bit 
update parent pom version 
 ' 1 . 1 . 130 - snapshot ' . 
add a task for showing the dependencies of all projects . 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 2 . 
bsonvalue constructor back to package - protected 
upgrade to cglib 3 . 2 . 3 
updated gradle distribution url 
linelength become 80 
show build error stacktraces on travis . 
removed try catch block for document . hasfocus 
upgraded some jar files in the project 
resize nexus cross rotation gif 
update readme . md 
readme . md 
portal - osgi - web - wab - extender 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
added blog url 
add in a travis yaml 
use same version of build tools we use in main project 
log test output events to the console 
update changes 
changelog update 
set sample to use android - 16 
updated i386 - openbsd build 
added graphic with brackets identifying sections of a batch request 
add eclipse build directory to . 
set snapshot v0 . 4 . 6 - snapshot . 
make ideavim compatible with inteliij idea 10 . 0 . 2 
update readme . md 
add " ctor " to dictionary 
pass copy rather then reference to pkgoptions 
remove duplicate include in jni 
doesn ' t re - sort app windows when move task to top 
add files via upload 
making value in circular queue 0 before updating position 
updating link to owncloud library 
updated changelog 
lps - 64957 - product app site template with build - 7001 compatibility 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 14 - snapshot ' . 
updated uribeacon 
update usage - statistics plugin to 1 . 0 . 3 . 
test fixes - portlet / documentlibrary 
updated generator version 
added proguard to moco runner upload archives dependencies 
only sign for release 
updated version in readme 
properly brand ourselves as sponge , not spongeforge . 
update spongecommon 
update readme . markdown 
lps - 64093 package version 
sign contributors . txt 
add x86 support for jni library 
eclipse prefs 
update multiwords . txt 
lps - 41706 imported packages of the api are not optional 
changing structure of sketchbook and examples 
rename japanese files 
update to version code 4 
jetusertype # getqualifier by stub 
changelog for 0 . 8 . 6 
added jetty dependencies section comment in pom 
lps - 68294 packageinfo 
added paul garvey 
added my dictionary with " klass " word . 
upgrade to airbase 49 
delete complete . gif 
switch to gp latest asmack 
lps - 61567 - admin theme thumbnail and screenshot 
update spongecommon for notifyneighborblock fix . 
fixed bug in build script with wrong notation for dom4j dependency . 
update readme . md 
checking only test files 
cb - 9260 install android - 22 on travis - ci 
mark dirty when refresh 
update changes 
updated the changelog 
check proxies via china router 
update readme . md 
change scope to test for cxf - rt - features - clustering 
update readme . txt 
fixed type signature of chr ( ) for python 3 ( py - 9042 ) 
ignoring ssl test for now . 
update readme . md 
rename the profile check - java - api to sanity - checks 
gh - 257 - added yahoo dependencies in accumulo iterators jar 
content declaration when the text trimming of the hoster node content cannot be controlled 
update spongecommon ref . 
lrqa - 22944 update ' git - commit - portal - ee ' to the latest ee - 7 . 0 . 
try and handle " death on startup " a bit cleaner 
update readme . md 
sharper mdpi transfers of usb_android { , _connected } . 
for listobjects wit no prefix , insert a " / " as the path ( http compliance ) 
updated changelog 
lps - 45686 do not break words 
actually package docs in javadoc jar . 
updating build to 0 . 3 . 7 
just a little note 
crop gif 
included site as attached artifact for jsonschema2pojo - maven - plugin 
clojure 1 . 3 . 0 - alpha1 
die extra plugins 
updated the breton pos dictionary to apertium svn r42904 . 
lps - 53564 - remove record - testray - components from generate - backup - results - xml 
fsck . com instead of fsckcom 
set minsdkversion to 8 for droidgap project 
upgrade to mongodb java driver 3 . 3 . 0 
 / / hazelcast . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 445 3f8e66b6 - ca9d - 11dd - a2b5 - e5f827957e07 
don ' t fetch all indexer errors to get total count 
add missing postags for the noun ' download ' 
take note bout open issue for add forked twirl / routes compiler option 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 23 - snapshot ' . 
added storm - 2054 to changelog 
added crypto concept diagram ( for review on stackoverflow ) 
textstorage in rcttext is now only set when it differs from old value . 
beginning of version 0 . 9 . 3 . 
lps - 67914 include the theme in the regular portal build 
renammed a run . py flag . 
updates tinder jar 
revert " merge pull request # 9 from square / riyazdf / drop - metadata - col " 
fix travis ci execution 
sonar - 5751 apply fix to table footer too 
change quartz2 endpoint to be a singleton 
push version to 194 and 10 - beta2 . 
update installer reference to readme to include md extension 
update visualvm screenshot . 
updated changelog 
tfj - 606 default include_entities to true 
added chunk . getworld ( ) 
moving config . properties . sample so it doesn ' t fail building 
added ' target ' build output directory 
lps - 49170 consistent jar name 
updated freebox os to v3 . 0 of freebox api and proposal of transformation localization 
version 0 . 9 . 13 
depend on snapshot version of robolectric instead on a custom one 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 39 
updated to the latest hv version 
added storm - 1267 storm - 1266 and storm - 1265 to changelog 
reverting back to mahout 0 . 9 - snapshot 
upgrade to disruptor 3 . 3 . 5 
upgrade to fongo 2 . 0 . 6 
 credit ian davis for much of the rss expanded stacked changes 
upgrade to guava 19 . 0 
update spongecommon for proper entity collision fix . 
fixed gdx . gl30 not set if gl3 . 0 profile is created . 
lps - 44026 json - java sf 
fix broken links in quickstart page 
fix null pointer check in sendextracommand ( ) . 
add shared element screenshots 
slightly increate the drag bezel size . 
fix hashcode of empty lazy seq 
explicitly cast the trampoline prototype to imp 
update support / v4 api . 
update changelog 
lps - 61440 correctly name configuration 
open office logo 
paper over 2275704 by not having lotsofapps installed on the monkeys builds . 
missed 2 files - older version of the protocol , will update them when i get to the new proto . 
add @ implicitcast to " var location " to be consistent with " window . location " 
removed unused icu4j jar file . 
removed duplicate property in log4j . properties . 
removed unnecesary file 
made a raise hand button transparent 
update news 
update osx / darwin native 
deprecated getwhereclause ( ) is not a change property 
prepare version 18 . 0 . 0 . 
update the refence of the library 
added decode method 
ignoring bin dirs 
web - 10017 new " surround with emmet " popup breaks usability 
moved to codemodel 2 . 5 - snapshot to benefit from codemodel - 1 bugfix for anonymous classes 
grails - 11321 - move test 
increase default precision in cqlsh 
test a commit 
add readme 
adds japi - checker 
always use - snapshot in the version string 
turn on fail on findbugs errors . 
minecraftforge / fml @ 0d810c01fab99ac491c2277097a4198518fe6c75 mark jopt needed on the server , herp derp , blame abrar ! 
added rt . box ( object ) 
update spongecommon 
fix unnecessarily non - static inner class to static inner 
testing hgsubversion hg 
compendium cannot load javax / xml / parsers / factoryconfigurationerror 
update to protoparser final . 
update readme . md 
sample only has two tabs , rather than 3 
added missing jackson / avro jar 
added kosl90 to contributors list . 
fixed protobuf package 
added filter class for noop cloning 
was missing beta_features = true 
changed email address for travis . 
removed unrequired dirbuster jar 
defined u ( underline ) element as an inline tag . 
revert " default id for android is 0 " 
exclude " dependometer " - folder 
removed org . gradle . daemon setting . 
update service - management . 
remove overridden function implementation . 
undertow - 155 fix issue with dispatch when context path is the empty string 
cap the amount of direct memory that test processes can use . 
single phase travis - ci build 
update redhat enforce - victims - rule for cve tests 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 38 - snapshot ' . 
removing gradle . properties 
update build . gradle 
lps - 55548 add property to field type settings definition 
added todo to build . xml 
add javax . inject jar 
new image changes 
specify surefire plugin version 
resize sample image 
excluded migrated tests file from copyright checks . 
update changelog for storm - 279 
modified proguard to keep a class that gtasks sync needs 
use red as default led color 
update ldap test base class to use ldapcontext by default . 
rc - 1 / 343 version bump 
add getglue - java sources . 
lps - 62858 don ' t invoke the persistence utilities , use the service 
update to latest fastadapter 
fix / buildcraft not working in singleplayer 
add change swipe to dismiss color in upcomingchanges 
lps - 46862 - properties 
need at least one public api for javadoc to run during release . 
updating version . txt top section 
lps - 38361 display the exception when it is not a controlled exception so that users can still make a guess of what is going on 
fix camera type 
test to see if order affects time taken by py demos 
update support library dependency in library build . gradle 
added license header 
 < access key > should be < secret key > 
lrqa - 17294 add new iedriver properties to test . properties 
don ' t give ' < help > ' label to help completions 
added files via upload 
hey , we have a mailing list now ! 
jetty - 1331 remove extra debug print 
updated build number to 0 . 5 
fixed missing error data in nn json 
not required lines for travis , dumb terminal by default 
lps - 61556 move icons file 
reduced too broad catch block 
seems to pass multiple times on small machines 
cfrelease 
removed unnecessary file . 
update it main pom to latest version 
gradle plugin version bump 
added storm - 566 to changelog 
reset mchildrensortpending after sort 
source jars are missing sources for classes written in groovy 
change scope , useful for websocket application only 
adjustment backgroundimage position 
fix creative only blueprints partially working in survival mode 
update changes 
yielding background flushing thread so it doesn ' t have a contention with readers . 
untested bat - script 
wrongly use lastaddconfirmed as lastaddpushed in picture lacprotocol . png ( # 30 ) 
exclude some files in jars from packaging . 
update readme . txt 
better changelog 
create readme - zh . 
added missing anchor to fix broken internal link 
updated config to create tables . 
removed submodule ' naver ' 
remove gradle wrapper from . 
binaries for g722 linux , linux - amd64 , macos universal . 
add missing connect ( ) . 
try and fix upload list items not updating 
lps - 64853 bump version number 
fixed url - caster . 
fixed runnablehandler . reset ( ) to be synchronized . 
adding build status to readme 
skip the findbugs report for now , as it times out on while running on hudson 
lps - 25775 prevent unexpected change of display language when editing a user 
testdata fixed 
removed targetsdkversion from androidmanifest . xml 
rename screen file 
added remote file inclusion 
triggers a build 
add default to debug - mode 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 17 - snapshot ' . 
changelog has been updated 
jpmml 1 . 1 . 9 
upgrade to objenesis 2 . 2 
update debug keystore 
changelog for 0 . 9 . 0alpha6 
lps - 18215 missing tag in permissions taglib ( please backport to 6 . 0 . 
update to latest android - iconics core with a lot of fixes and improvements 
lps - 15924 - create a new icon for the " sites admin " portlet 
change webpack . config 
 ' 0 . 2 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
fix broken current . xml 
gradle plugin upgrade 
change to 1 . 6 instead of 1 . 5 as target 
update roundcornerprogressbar . java 
update changelog . md 
learn travis 
remove class that was remove in refactoring . 
fix invalid language for fenced code block . 
switched on the html userguide on windows 
add screen 
timeout for linkcheck plugin was extended to allow avoid error for github issue page that have too much content , so loading slow 
add a note on mlockall 
bump version from 1 . 7 . 8 - > 1 . 7 . 9 
jgit freaks out if it can ' t find a version tag 
attempt to make a better hopper texture . 
added a classnames package 
enumerable # first only exists in 1 . 8 . 7 
update readme . md for gradle dependency example 
disable focus controller when webview loses focus . 
storm - 711 . 
allow rendertohardwaretextureandroid to be used outside of setnativeprops 
created tech - debt entries for all components and laboratory components . 
bump version to 0 . 6 . 2 - snapshot 
bumped version 
parent upgraded to 24 - snapshot . 
updated android framework to 2 . 2r1 . 
update asrworker - controller - https . 
removing tools . jar and moving it inside the jre 
w3c_audio . 
added storm - 640 to changelog . 
included only runtime dependencies when copying 
compile appcompat with java 7 
prepare next development snapshot . 
remove mainclass . java from . 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / iframe / . 
fix disabled middle part of combobox for mac laf 
remove redundant stop ( ) from native audiotrack release . 
message ! 
update mainactivity . java 
update equalsverifier to 1 . 7 . 4 . 
renamed rnc file . 
restore grails . factories file 
changing parent pom 
upgrade to auto value 1 . 1 
swedish 
travis only supports openjdk for java 6 
add metric for managed profile setting 
update readme . md 
bump version for move to apache incubator 
removes maven installs from travis config 
updated function icon 
update facebook version 
added needbraces checkstyle 
added storm - 1514 to changelog 
add missing import to chapter six example 
update readme . md 
added storm - 902 to changelog 
update screen shot 
including limits . h to fix simulator build . 
resourcecache should honor usefilemappedbuffer if set 
delete ic_launcher . 
release notes for bug # 2778850 
hadoop - 9043 . 
fixes for voldemort ( nono ) 
bumping version to 1 . 5 . 3 . 
updating version . txt for release 
add the raphaeljs - package 
fixing comment in code to match new default . 
update version to 1 . 0 
removed accidentally checked in manifest files 
fix for grails - 2436 
re - assingning local variable if mstringblocks was initialized here . 
bump version for rc3 . 
delete pom . properties 
libs libs libs . . . 
revert missing private var 
prepare next release v0 . 87 . 6 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
try to work around bootstrapping issue with - snapshot version 
smaller gif 
layout - item - selector - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 10 
update readme . md 
left aligned add filter link 
relay stoploading ( ) on the loader from loaderinfo . stop ( ) 
allow chained calls to testgraphdatabasefactory after setmonitors call 
randomaccesssparsevector addto made a inner static class 
bump android build tools to 1 . 0 . 1 . 
get rid of unneeded todo 
lps - 34854 file entry type with a repeatable field upload doesn ' t works properly 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 118 - snapshot 
adds configuration fragment requirements for androidneverlinkaspect . 
release new sample app with lollipop fix 
call unlinktodeath ( ) when we disconnect the camera , 
uploadarchives for travis ci 
test fixes - portal / controlpanel / blogs 
update build tool to 0 . 4 
removing @ override from interface method impl 
singleinspectionprofilepanel added updater on scope added from chooser 
set state to loading on reload ( ) 
updated changes file 
install dejagnu with sudo 
removed openjdk6 from travis ci config 
update to netty - 3 . 10 . 5 . 
idea - 135953 help page available for map external resource dialog 
update changelog 
test 
upgrade es to 1 . 0 . 1 
set missing camera position for particles 
rename test from _large to normal , after speedup . 
added getter for floattexturedata . buffer 
exception thrown when a test example has the label not present in training examples , added log warning message 
added version . java to . 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / trash / . 
fixed a bug with the init script to make it work in ie . 
replace explicit tomcat version with a template - for tomcat 8 . 
update maven - shade - plugin to 2 . 3 , issue # 644 
add pip install tabulate . 
add storm - 2039 to changelog 
fixed the cs error of camel - lucene 
better jamm 0 . 3 . 0 jar 
copied binary files from jetty - 8 - historical 
lps - 22792 removed silly import 
additional excludes suggested by infra 
comment thrift 
add missing @ override . 
change pom . xml , set javadoc . ksip , gpg . skip 
update gradle . properties 
next development version 
lps - 65693 fix dxp ' s static bundle symbolic name 
updated merge process 
 ( groovy - 2293 ) revert to jline 09 . 9 . 1 for now so delete works , pending new artifact for delete & win64 support 
add suppresswarnings annotation 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 58 - snapshot 
put status_unknown ro be sure 
reduce default sql logging level for dev 
update jar , doc , src 
 " injectable " 
correct a typo 
fix readme 
left align table container . 
add forgotten image file 
fix build variable 
readme 
fixed parent pom versions 5 - > 6 
speedup travis build a bit by downloading gradle - bin instead of gradle - all 
body is not required in ` indices . put_alias ` 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc4 ' . 
force unix line endings on windows for gradlew 
bringing yajsw up to date 
made logitem public 
adding snapshot suffix to version 
update to forge 11 . 15 . 1 . 1890 
change group 
use tilde for beta1 debian package instead of hyphen 
add new base art images 
add serialversionuid to notsupportedexception 
fixing standalone again 
revert " lps - 56101 proper logging for portal - service tests " 
changed the maven repo id to make tc happy 
no need to delete file . 
restore completion settings ! 
update to cglib - 3 . 2 . 4 - nodep and drop ancient asm . jar 
wait for test thread to join before 
update spongecommon for projectilesource fix . 
deleted package . html 
add iden to getnetworktypename . 
change maven - dependency - plugin version 2 . 6 - > 2 . 8 
kafka - server - start . 
check system ready only for android 
updated reference to oc library with non - alphanumeric passwords fixed 
update readme . md 
sample manifest . mf file 
lps - 52588 update process 
updated changelog 
lps - 43332 do not strip html from description in getsummary method 
adding bin to . 
update android gradle plugin to 1 . 0 . 0 - rc4 
update to the latest protobuf - java . 
fix up the makefiles and some samples . 
start kamon on server startup 
exclude groovy - all - tests jar during assembly 
bump version to 0 . 3 . 6 . 
add test scope for testing - postgresql - server 
print message straight after input to avoid confusion as to whether input was accepted 
version 1 . 0 . 0 - rc - 1 . 
set default make rule to run setup before build . 
compatibility lib changes for ip2 . 
delete thumbs . db 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
make ' buck project ' not process annotations by default . 
alias useragent to ua . 
krakatau update 
lps - 62418 open tracker 
update spongeapi submodule ref 
create new directory for manual camera2 test apps 
change artifact 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / mentions / . 
is bash - builtin , use / usr / bin / env bash instead of / bin / sh 
lps - 17606 increase width of dialog 
lrqa - 16204 move to correct folder 
update to android - maven - plugin 3 . 6 . 0 
travis test 
jetclass # getprimaryconstructorparameterlist by stub 
remove jar locally , use from h2o lib dir . 
added unit test for bracketless else ( humphd ) 
rc - 1 version bump 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 3 . 
updated to takari lifecycle 1 . 10 . 1 to fix windows issue 
new version of asmack 
added oupls images for documentation . 
replace viewpagerindicator ssh url with https url to allow anonymous checkout 
update changelog . 
remove unused config fields . 
providing missing sys / wait . 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc5 - snapshot ' . 
update the changelog for si - 1851 bugfix 
updated library reference 
update readme . md 
make video gif smaller 
 " - keepattributes enclosingmethod " added to tilewiew proguard rules 
remove unnecessary import 
remove include block in jmh config 
added storm - 313 to changelog . 
trying to figure out what is breaking tests on build server 
removed version_code from gradle . properties . 
upgraded to hazelcast 3 . 0 - snapshot 
add smaller sized screenshots 
save existing post content even if we have no images in the post . 
update gradle wrapper to version 2 . 2 
reference . zip for next beta 
respect scale in rctphotolibraryimageloader 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 29 
not yet xmpp 
lps - 43715 basic build files . 
force travis to use node 0 . 10 
fix support for transfering folders and playlists . 
fix pentagon sample image 
udpate readme 
update sparc natives 
prepared for next development iteration 
include javadoc in travis - ci run 
update news 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 109 
bump agrona dependency to the latest version 
updated how to build instructions to use correct tablesaw version 
hardcoding indexmlock to true 
add @ incubating to override of api ' withcancellationtoken ' 
verify that the site goal is working . 
fix martin ' s name . 
add storm - 1450 to changelog 
add 3 . 0 . 0 beta 4 version of protobuf to third_party 
add signed version of jogl . jar 
hhh - 10194 - change namequalifiersupport for hypersonic from catalog to schema 
restored @ test annotation in simplevalidatequerytests 
update demo 
lps - 24160 source formatting 
fixes # 719 only reset lastconnectionfailure after a successful datasource . getconnection ( ) call . 
fixed ( = ( lazy - seq nil ) nil ) 
update info_script . 
make force protected for sub - class access 
gradle 2 . 7 
added jacoco test coverage with the profile " test - coverage " and collected into the coverage - report module ` 
update readme . md 
lrqa - 28689 add private messaging as testray component under collaboration 
update contributing . md 
remove manifest 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 0 . 5 
bumped parent - pom - > 7 
updated changelog . 
add blockworkertest unit test . 
backed out a change i made earlier where i removed the requirement to have a - - classpath option . 
added storm - 1084 to changelog 
set sidebar to 35 % width 
a . 1 - db . zip now actually contains a 0 . 
updated to parent pom version 2 . 
make sure generated docs don ' t get checked in 
 ' 0 . 4 . 43 - snapshot ' . 
new tabs color 
added storm - 1204 to changelog 
 " jsessionid " to dictionary 
update gradle - versions - plugin to 0 . 8 . 
only create the manual if in site phase 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 5 . 
revert " now that the underlying bug is fixed we can continue using omx_usebuffer for this decoder ' s input buffers . " 
update readme . md 
create enums . md 
explain how to set up the symlink 
added generic argument to icollection 
cannot find google maps v9 , only v9_r1 
make sure unzip is installed 
added readme 
upgraded to spring 2 . 0 . 2 . 
fixed typo in constructors section . 
andengine is now marked as a android library project . 
version 1 . 1 . 0 
switch version back to - snapshot post - release 
updated version number 
add gen_lexer . 
integrate travis ci 
removed a sysout i missed . 
changed line endings to unix since it ' s a unix file 
update readme . md 
add storm - 1406 to changelog 
removed junit version 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 4 . 
added files via upload 
update version number 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 9 . 4 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 64 - snapshot 
sort values to have cleaner diff commits 
fixes onadapterabouttoempty call 
upgrade copyright to 2013 
initial vut at travis - ci integration . 
update jsonobject . java 
move bike p + r builder to correct location . 
properly setting the osobj 
android_integration_test to work with sandboxing . 
don ' t run performance tests by adding it to the list of excluded tasks . 
jm - 38 - - startup script fails on windows if vm is in program files 
log test failures at quiet level so we can see them on travisci . 
fixed typo in readme 
update changelog for storm - 519 
no argument constructor , adjust javadoc 
lps - 67863 journal - lang packageinfo 
update liteblockingwaitstrategy with getandset for signalneeded flag 
correct target path of uploaded snapshot artifact 
added 5 new biomes as included in mc 1 . 1 as part of # bukkit - 496 
bump back to 3 . 2 . 0 - snapshot 
accidentally left in the crosswalk build from when i was experimenting with this file 
moved pyunit to nopass . 
lps - 35671 remove unused import 
delete parcelablegenerator . jar 
fixing osx 
return from isreadonlyfile 
hhh - 4631 - infinispan integration module is causing build problems 
add pending version to changelog , 
update version code of demo 
sonar - 6331 small ui improvement 
set " rootproject . name = ' smack ' " in settings . gradle 
update rxjava to 1 . 1 . 8 ( # 190 ) 
update styles . css 
fix a bug where the lazy - initialized actionbar object was being too lazy . 
bump socket . io for tests 
ecs , 3 secs feels like a decent compromise 
update notice file 
use groovy - x . y . z - indy jar for better scripting performance 
another attempt to fix project leak in debugger tests 
change repo dir to / home / firstuser / dev / repo 
add dictionary 
update forge version . 
return true when we toggle the drawer 
add config_use_strict_phone_number_comparation , which will be used by internal applications . 
revert " bump android build tool version . " 
add packrat prefs icon 
mark private field in jsr199javac as final 
updated changelog 
add cassandra - 10079 change to changes . txt 
missing completion for qapplication class 
full width tab bar for overview . 
update library reference 
upload apk to github 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 149 
add index on unregistered_phone_contacts 
cleaning up interpolation specs . 
delete demoapp . apk 
hhh - 4028 - move current cache - jbosscache2 module content to cache - jbosscache 
fixed py - 6504 rename quickfix for augmented assignment inspection 
lps - 63182 do not disable permission check for any company admin , trust only omniadmin . 
stringify ` sourcesundertest ` before adding to rule key 
allow reading of conf dir during startup 
update news 
added missing sigar libraries 
reset key after iterating over linkedlist 
remove unused import 
switch back to proper domain / group 
fixed json 
upgraded te protoc linux version to 2 . 6 . 1 . 
nullable 
update readme . md 
prepare release acra - 4 . 5 . 0rc3 
fixed pom . xml tag 
explicitly support short php tags 
update readme . md 
lps - 57121 - moved atlas import from aui . css to custom . css 
bufferwatermarkinitializer is not master only 
beta - 1 version bump 
lps - 52259 asset tags navigation - moves icon 
gradle plugin version bump 
gh - 454 - updated accumulo - store pom to ensure the resulting shaded jar has the correct name . 
use new androidutils . executeonpool . 
next version will be 1 . 9 . 5 
removed gibberbot props file 
upgrading guava to 16 . 0 
fix ` cleanideabuild ` gradle task execution 
removed message_bind_profile_service messages on unbind 
up gradle version for wrapper in buld script 
update readme . md 
update pom 
add visiblefortesting to a constant 
add an aftermainoptimizations marker to defaultpassconfig 
update changelog for release of 1 . 4 . 10 
restore development version 
add travis - ci intergration 
added eric crampton . 
update reference to library with bugfix 
fix mockblock compile 
only run compile / unit tests in travis 
lps - 54590 call upgrade 
update msgpack to 0 . 6 . 1 
optipng on github logo 
tweaking logo ( not yet completely happy with it ) 
updated changelog 
minor , remove read check in writethroughscope 
idea - 132737 the help topic for the new module wizard ( first page ) is available . 
migration from java - encocean - library to opencean - core library . 
b / 3350774 enforce clearing the flag mishandlingmultitouch . 
added a readme , such as it is . 
update spongecommon 
rc4 release 
next development version 
update changelog for 14 . 0 . 6 
hhh - 3580 added entity manager to module list 
add sql console module to jooq - added christopher deckers 
use the cache for ~ / . 
lps - 44474 move image . ftl to ddm folder 
fixed too high margin 
snapshot 
switch to version 2 . 5 of the release plugin to ensure compatibility with a broad range of git client versions 
update main readme 
fixes problems parsing sip messages using some locales . 
update build tools to 21 . 1 . 1 . 
remove druid - hll 
added a clarifying note . 
add minimal readme for the objc classes 
stop irc noise 
seems to occasionaly hang on this quantile 
bump forge version 
update readme . md 
fix leak of stacktrace in java / lang / throwable . 
removed ant build from travis configuration 
added missing def 
ensure we exit with a non - zero return code when there is an error starting up . 
granular navigation uses mcontentdescription instead of getcpontentdescription ( ) s 
when building the simulator on linux , link ( only ) with libdl , as opposed to also making libdl a build target . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 7 - snapshot 
mute nhrslit while investigating 
added small demo gif for android arsenal . 
lps - 38543 - aui dialog iframe loads behind dockbar side panel 
exposes ` setnativeprops ` method for pulltorefreshviewandroid 
portal - security - service - access - policy - service 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
do not expose wifimanager . isnansupported as new api 
updated library reference 
remove unneded import 
max index words should be unlimited in opengrok script too 
update aboutlibraries 
updated the intro shot 
fix travis . yml typo 
sort selected fields after page reload 
update build tools 
added a test script for eclipse on windows 
fixed npe in box . extendtoencompass , close # 1783 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 15 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 594 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
replace registry key with system property 
store timestamp information into logcat . txt ( # 3231 ) 
updated gradle wrapper properties to include sources . 
add testsuitesanitytestcase to check testsuite environment . 
rename application in gephi07beta . 
show error message if access is denied 
missing localhostretriever . dll for windows x86 . 
signed vistalauncher 
changing the logo padding top / bottom according to # 1076 comment by @ jancborchardt 
remove unneeded import . 
prepared for next development iteration 
version to 0 . 4 . 0 - snapshot ( put snapshot back ) 
no more todos in code . 
lps - 40395 specifies z - index for portlet - topper - toolbar 
changes to build . gradle 
fix a minior append bug 
avoid re - downloading boost if possible 
remove tracer thread local storage when cleaning up . 
made stormtimer join task thread on close 
remove unnecessary print 
rc - 1 / 219 version bump 
fixed class description 
setting version 2 . 1 . 0 - snapshot also for generator 
update news 
minor javadoc fix in performancemonitor 
experiments with new ndk release 
new todo items 
build jar artifact 
removed mistakenly commited binary 
change to gradle 2 . 4 
update language . md 
update readme . md 
update icon . psd 
mapplotlib import in wrong place 
make listbuilder public 
adding riak module 
more stubbed elements in spring dom 
disabling jar minimization for radio . 
added activiti . osgi . dynamic property so that the engine can dynamically import java delegates from other bundles when running in an osgi container 
adding xml api source document 
updated log4j dependency 
update readme . md 
revert backpressure = false to true 
bump gradle android build tools plugin version to 1 . 3 . 1 
beta 
added support repo to travis . yml 
activities 
owncloud - android - library submodule updated 
set version 0 . 4 . 10 - snapshot . 
fix currenttestfailedmarker to reset its state after each test 
change app name to be all - lowercase 
client 
add support v13 
scaffolded views should end with < / html > not < / body > . 
updating facebook for android apk to v1 . 5 . 0 . 
test commit for the new mailing list - all users are now on the new list 
update install_kaldi . 
update to the newer , faster infrastructure 
created favicon . ico for kv and db http servers . 
 ' help ' button in ' customize data views ' dialog should exist 
updated changelog 
reddish background for filter on system apps 
add network permission 
pass third argument to make - package 
fixed date of previous release 
updated changelog 
some lint rules 
readme version change 
build at 
 ' s maven to javapoet 1 . 7 
travis likes to fail a lot 
disabled debug flag . 
remove comment on version 1 . 1 . 
higher acra version 
fix name spelling in pom . xml . 
mention 5950 in news 
added storm - 245 to changelog 
test gant build for tc 
exclude root " build " folder from version control . 
adding alternatives module 
made names consistent in configuration examples 
getroottag @ notnulled 
updates jna library to use original file structure , skipping duplicate binaries ( keeping the same version 3 . 2 . 7 ) . 
added ehcache back into defaults dependencies for war ' ing 
new - build . sh 
update readme . md 
jetty . sh fails to start when start - stop - daemon does not exist and the user is not root 
see if we can enable code coverage reports 
lps - 45357 dbupgrader 
update readme . md 
only push the release tag 
update news 
update changelog . md 
remove unused setter from httpconfiguration . 
restore initial selection in namesuggestionsfield ( ideadev - 20506 ) 
art , add art mp4 for issues 
upgrading test project properties to 4 . 2 
update to new fastadapter v1 . 0 . 6 
amend cfr version to be in sync with the version in . 
lps - 51256 enable * exportimport tests again 
added sqlite - jdbc jar 
removed unused noise from sample 
updated android gradle plugin 
 < project > in branch ui changed to repository name 
don ' t " export " bootreceiver ' s scheduleintent action 
an informative groovydslscript . tostring ( ) 
added placeholder in res folder so clean clones will create the directory . 
wildfly - checkstyle - config 
portal - scripting - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
put @ viewdebug . 
bumped to 2 . 2 . 0 for release . 
noticed we were calling helpshifthelper . init twice 
fix disable secure proxy 
replaced one of the gifs for the auto site 
substitition 
add pt - br to the list of supported languages 
upgrade to ognl 3 . 1 . 10 ( # 736 ) 
do not use animator in tests 
add sample video 
sample - 1 . 2 . 0 
terrorist version bump 
set mysql driver dependency as optional 
added changes 
added storm - 1411 to changelog . 
fixed setscale ( vector3 scale ) 
small optimisation to writing off the progress sequence . 
converters 
fix boost install script 
revert gradle version to 1 . 6 to bypass oss build issue with gradle 1 . 11 . 
lps - 45983 add a line break since one depends on the other 
updated changelog 
testperformance extends basetest 
updates opus binaries for linux and mac with opus - 1 . 1 
fix compilation target . 
update settings . gradle 
add demo 
update readme . md 
preparations for release of 5 . 6 . 0 
move to testdir_single_jvm . 
add missing < limits . h > include 
run dockbook when site 
upgrade to rabbitmq amqp client 3 . 6 . 3 
modified url for issue tracking to directly show tickets for the component . 
fix mistakes in readme 
runclean in releaseprocess 
vertical scrolling not working in android 4 . 1 ( jelly bean ) . 
updated changelog for 2 . 1 . 0 - snapshot . 
fix unbounded expansion of cumulative buffer in sslhandler 
add unistd . h for size_t typedef to fix sim - eng 
add words to jetbrains . dic 
set auto - version to true 
missing icon files . 
don ' t accept " leereichen " , probably a typo of " leerzeichen " 
 - use system defined http proxies by default 
made exception public to allow reflective use . 
update changes . txt 
add storm - 1203 to changelog 
unnecessary import is removed 
return type should be boolean and not boolean 
lps - 64414 exclude test modules from portal build 
use the proper color to match the blue featured in all the theme . holo 9 - patch pngs from honeycomb . 
enable gatherexternsfromtypes by default . 
replace example flavors with wequick 
update play store screenshot 
added flyweight class diagram 
updated reference to android - library 
test can take more than 10 minutes , use travis_wait command to allow them take up to 20 minutes . 
nonnls 
new test 
replace throwables . propagate with equivalent " throw e " or " throw new runtimeexception ( e ) . " 
extension was renamed to lowercase . 
remove ' refs ' folder 
final post release 
fix caching of deprecated properties ( idea - 48149 ) 
changed version number 
added forgotten ini4idea to build . gant 
removed redundant jar 
update sidebar . md 
got rid of todo 
configured travis to use new docker - based infrastructure 
fix typo in 0 . 127 release notes 
trivial fix for kafka - producer - perf - test . 
prompt on missing dependency in cqlsh on windows 
make sslhandshakecompletionevent constructor public 
add storm - 1176 to changelog 
deprecate class that is no longer used . 
fix of a dependency 
added a png and pdf to the test - files 
bumping up libxml2 windows version 
typo fix ( s / monolithically / monotonically / ) 
set version . txt 
ignoring everything in lib but not lib / sigar 
yotabeta branch in standard list 
moving s3 files to different directory 
cqlsh version 2 . 0 . 0 - > 2 . 1 . 0 
minor rename of the core 
updated version 
update spongecommon 
update cas - protocol - specification . 
remove dead git submodule 
upgrade maven - javadoc - plugin to its latest version 2 . 9 . 1 
ensured the mockito - all jar is published with corresponding sources and javadoc artifacts . 
updating astyanax version to 2 . 0 from 2 . 0 - beta 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portal . service , increment version 
fixed a bug causing drawable bounds being invalid after changing the image 
fizes # 1865 inc max db size 
nudge readme . 
removed java 6 from tests 
component ' extra - android - m2repository ' has been added 
fix a crash where the eos was signalled but some output buffer were still pending . 
use the default junit version . 
dispose filetreenode 
update readme . md 
hhh9968 - fix identifier is too long on oracle db - irrelevantinstantentity 
renamed " parent " to " endsubtable " method . 
force default cursor in mathjax popups 
release variant is not debuggable 
make sure that wget is installed 
adding new change logs for trunk 
bumped parent - pom - > 7 - rc5 
restored the nonresizable nature of font size field 
update jar 
graphitewriterstatus instead of graphitewritersatus 
add to changes . txt 
update distribution whitelist 
adding changes . txt in src / java 
added notice - smali file to included resources . 
fixed jaggies on promo border 
fix bug in datapath ( ) 
generate native code for x86 as well as armeabi . 
ready for release 
fixed the dependency issue of camel - jaxb 
add missing ` @ override ` 
update readme banner img 
update eureka - client version . 
upgrade to gradle 2 . 5 and gradle plugin 1 . 3 . 0 
ftlvariable / vtlvariable to jetbrains dictionary 
push code to 12 . 2 - beta . 
update wxmenu . java 
rc - 5 / 278 version bump 
append admin console install 
unless there ' s a strong objection , using a fake default messes up storeconfig , so change to 1 . 
add conf / interpreter . 
add the jdk8 tag to the worker test 
upgrade randomizedrunner maven plugin to 2 . 0 . 14 
test on different jdks on travis 
upgrade readme version 
skip visitend in inlininginstructionadapter 
update version to 1 . 5 to prepare release . 
make grails - web - jsp depend on grails - web - gsp 
consume post instead of get , as jersey seems to bot be happy about that 
add ' package ' command , closes # 444 
add comment for test runner script 
tell travis to build free version 
bump the version number to 1 . 2 . 8 - dev 
added storm - 1564 to changelog 
change version number to 0 . 83 . 1 in changelog . txt 
prepare for 2 . 0 . 1 
updated changelog . 
support unicode whitespace as well 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
update screenshot 
fix inlineinstallprivate docs link now that the docs have updated . 
update changes . txt 
add java8 to travis . 
tell travis to also run the examples 
added faunus diagram . 
 / delete . 
fix gradle clean dependency 
bump to netty 3 . 2 . 0 . 
lps - 18792 add property to dtd 
use the correct d option in getopt instead of the removed f 
removed test info from bamboostorage / build . 
fix local video display when we are the second to activate video in a xmpp call . 
use library style import for cssmacros 
added tag default / master for changeset a970aba8f8b5 
enable execution of measurefilterexecutortest on all the supported databases 
fix pants exclusives unit test . 
move nb pojo test to pass 
make sure the throttledsource reports the proper mime type 
added readme 
sonar - 4045 upgrade to jruby - rack 1 . 1 . 13 . 2 
updated changelog 
solaris 10 / bin / sh doesn ' t understand combining setting and exporting of environment variables . 
don ' t resolve the base path before passing it to the project generator . 
java 8 
lps - 67694 fix changelog 
new image changes 
friendlier message when stress . py doesn ' t need to create keyspace1 b / c it already exists . 
solve unicodedecodeerror 
gh - 471 - tried to simplify travis script 
delete demo . gif 
corrected pimage . setmodified ( ) so mx2 and my2 are width - 1 and height - 1 , 
update zrtp sounds to 16bit pcm , better quality when using portaudio . 
 ' 0 . 7 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
add version 2 . 3 . 4 to upgrade from versions 
suppress contract validation for wrong logger . asserttrue 
lps - 64309 packageinfo 
fix supporttransitiondemos make build . 
update readme . md 
fix reset image in avatar change window . 
according to the serviceloader specification the name of the provider - configuration file is the fully - qualified binary name of the service ' s type . 
lps - 62787 need to explicitly set osgimodule true to work across both 
q & d fix for web ui refusing to plot non - numeric data types to be plotted although they are aggregated to number values 
update readme . md 
tweaked travis build to run java 7 and java 8 builds with different targets to automatically discover frame issues . 
upgrade to mongo java driver 3 . 2 . 2 
update knownissues . md 
create menu_nl . 
update mlastslash for gdbserver 
delete obsolete import 
enable email notifications for travis - ci . 
add android runtime jars to javadoc list 
fix menu separator color 
fixed classpath reference in buildscript dependencies 
lrqa - 17101 add testcase property 
fix a rare npe crash in android 2 . 
update gradle plugin for android to 0 . 9 
added storm - 1052 to changelog . 
add debug message . 
tachyon_ram_folder in tachyon - env . 
duration formatting in place . 
initialise instance properties on componentwillmount 
mouse list access in popup fixed 
changing default port of certauthscheme to 443 ! 
add < distributable / > to web - fragment . xml in tomcat - websocket . jar . 
do not commit target directory 
 ' 1 . 1 . 121 - snapshot ' . 
replace local copy of timermixin with module from npm . 
use rmr instead of rm in tachyon script 
added storm - 359 to changelog 
release 0 . 107 - snapshot 
lps - 65045 move resource - actions 
prepare release astyanax - 1 . 0 . 3 - snapshot 
update changes . txt 
remove import 
fix build - current . txt regenerated 
update demo apk 
added appveyor build definition 
upgrade to awaitility 1 . 7 . 0 
update changelog . md 
add newest version of cpptasks 
redisson version updated 
jpty compiled without purejavacomm 
updated test for linear technique 
lps - 50976 - including in the portal 
change divider below header to false as there is no divider in the spec of the material design guidelines . 
use jdk 8 for builds . 
update examples jar 
update spongecommon for air block collision fix . 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon 
remove redundant version number from application . properties ( grails plugin ) 
disabling test directory as slave not able to access hdfs 
update jitsi - lgpl - dependencies 
turns out that because sh - > bash on macosx , but sh ! 
set heartbeat to 10s 
include application . context in example config file 
minor update to the changelog 
remove object = = null 
upgrade akka - streams to 1 . 0 - m5 
updated changelog . 
changes in pom 
replaced image in l preview material docs 
remove debug println 
update readme . md 
trying to get pom to generate and upload through artifactory 
updated readme 
correct a sentence 
disable useless log messages on startup 
update the changelog file 
fix generate_rest_api_docs . 
upgrade to gpars 1 . 2 
denote that conf / slaves is deprecated 
don ' t touch platform prefix if app is already initialized 
minecraftforge / fml @ 9a8d16b66e67691a4c83a9e1e236304e9f6d5139 fix log4j2 config . 
update releasing . md with reminder to update wiki 
missing trait test in readclassdatatest 
typo with in code , replace date . totime with date . gettime 
changed packaging to jar since there are problems with bundle ( classes being in other 
use targetx / y instead of sourcex / y in pimage . setimpl ( ) 
add a message in verify_dll . 
reset version . txt 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
update jgit v4 . 1 . 2 
add droidsansarmenian font file 
removed calls to rctbundleurlprovider setdefaults 
trying to fix coveralls 
indices . clear_cache 
update netty ( attempt to understand why nodejs disconnected on second run , but it was not netty fault ) 
fix recompile call for 1 . 4 mcp change 
adding missing default return 
do not specify settings . xml when deploying 
use latest released airlift version ( 0 . 68 ) instead of a snapshot . 
put applet that displays icon on system tray when sharing desktop 
javadoc links for oracle jdk8 site 
rebrand npm package name 
update news 
update readme . md 
update load jar 
hide the newly created databaseobjectnotclosedexception class from sdk 
delete android - support - v4 . 
appveyor , fast_finish is introduced 
updated the changelog 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc5 ' . 
let ' s use our cross_dir directory 
removed mui_unpage_confirm from win uninstaller to avoid duplicate info . 
update readme . md 
modify to disply the image of oxm exceptions hierarchy 
put assets in the correct place 
send a response here . 
prepare release hdrhistogram - 1 . 0 . 9 
removed duplicate changelog entry 
accept " screenshot " 
added soap add - on related alert ids . 
fixes # 591 synchronise the untrack statement method to ensure that statements are independently thread - safe . 
migration to container based infrastrucure 
fix platform import 
springloaded built with - 1 . 5 
readme change 
add project default encoding 
set default version if one is not set 
update readme . md 
added testserde so that unit tests can run successfully . 
fixes java 5 incompatibility in authenticationwindow constructor , causing illegalargumentexception . 
allow animation styles to be applied to popup windows . 
removed start / end delay to gif 
update changes . txt 
update readme . md 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 25 - snapshot ' . 
exclude jmh tests from coverage reports . 
update readme . md 
force decompiled test data to be text files 
update news 
add build params 
add parsejsonarray ( ) and parsejsonobject ( ) to keywords . txt 
lps - 42136 this file was automatically changed for me when running the tests 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / frontend - js / . 
fixing typo in build file 
updated changelog 
fork every test for now 
updated gradle wrapper to v3 . 1 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
update readme . md 
remove unneed clear in constructor . 
update to latest ` fastadapter ` 
removed unused import 
lps - 23745 the user should know when something failed adding a portlet ( instead of show the loading mask forever ) 
updated changelog 
specify @ override 
updated to storm 0 . 9 . 0 - wip21 
update jar 
update notifications icon and 16x16 icon . 
update android build tools ( # 884 ) 
move gconsole - toolbar . png image to groovy - console subproject 
fix navpage content in ios 
correcting version to be really 1 . 8 
catch out of memory error for trac # 314 . 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 22 - snapshot ' . 
added storm - 1153 to changelog . 
specify version name for subproject properties 
deleted scope in message was broken # no_issue 
lps - 49310 var is not explicity in constructor , though it uses a var from it 
updated toolchain ' s test helper to 2 . 9 . 
code excerpt in docs should be ' static final ' , not ' final static ' 
prepare version 26 - beta4 . 
update changes . txt for 5109 
updating images in bbb - web 
updated changelog 
update spongecommon for creative inventory event fix . 
bumping version name and code for 2 . 7 beta 2 . 
updated changelog 
rename unit - tests execution to default - test 
remove ' additional jvm args ' echo from startup script 
update demo 
add storm - 1737 to changelog 
add osgi bundle - docurl to guava manifest file . 
prepare version 17 - beta4 . 
changelog for 0 . 8 . 10 
pixmap update 
updated current intellij url 
small fix to python client h2o . stop_logging ( ) 
gradle wrapper 
set release version 
added storm - 1053 to changelog 
update readme banner img 
fix artifacts path 
update library project references . 
add osx w / allowed failures on jdk8 
lps - 63740 jboss vs . wildfly 
don ' t null ontouchlistener , now this class no longer implements it . 
new year for copyright 
added syncany - git arch package support to changelog 
updated changelog 
fix the name of the function where | extracted_binaries | is populated 
bump version to 1 . 0 . 0 
prepare version 25 . 
log test errors . 
sphinx4 jar 
removed doublecheckedlocking from checkstyle . xml . 
alpha - 16 / 285 version bump 
moved contacts ssl howto . txt so that it is picked up by maven 2 site generation . 
update index . js ( # 282 ) 
use utf - 8 as charset for javadoc 
rb = 96716 modify release - version to allow tagging from hudson release job 
set animation to null when clear animation 
latest robolectric . 
fix for # 358121 ( utf8appendable refactored to use bjoern hoehrmann ' s decoder ) . 
add submodule for maven release 
disabling - - quiet to see if that ' ll prevent travis from timing out . 
refine script shell changed to bash , as it uses bash syntax . 
change dubbo servermap image # 1416 
support pydev debugger compatibility ( py - 6396 ) 
in license 
ensure the intent firewall dir exists before starting the fileobserver 
use injected metricregistry 
fix name of java executable 
enable syntax highlighting for gradle snippet . 
added mavenlocal ( ) to repositories 
fix broken hystrix example . 
remove unneeded properties 
don ' t commit bat files with \ n new lines 
disable agilejava repo for snapshots . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 13 - snapshot 
try to get sound playing on ios 
grails - 6252 - generate - all should return non zero if the domain class cannot be found 
remove a . 
update spongecommon ref for player item drop fix . 
update fml for gradle changes 
fix to a compatibility patch that was missed in ag / 587241 
threadsafe tag 
update website info to 0 . 7 . 0 released and 0 . 8 . 0 - snapshot master . 
lps - 63406 build . xml 
update readme . md 
update build . gradle 
capitalize tag names by default 
removed unused import on line 27 
entityblock doesn ' t block left click . 
added storm - 730 to changelog 
add a few tests to the continuous run list 
lps - 69259 update gradle distribution 
add portuguese 
update android version 
disable travis build 
upgrade to 2 . 1 - snapshot 
add a new ' pre - checkin ' target to help keep checkins clean . 
fixed bug causing nil error in messages index view when favorited stream is deleted 
made blockfluid . theicon protected 
fix readme 
added storm - 1150 to changelog 
material design preview 
added forbidannotationelementvaluecheck 
update weex - transformer to matched version 
upgrade to assertj 3 . 5 . 1 
add codenarc rule exclusion 
listtablemodel sorting was broken ( ideadev - 9298 ) 
kindle branch 
assume git is on the path 
make client guava dependency optional . 
update changes 
fix new eclipse workspace to load the project properly from start . 
added manual glprofile shutdown to make sure that no jogl threads are 
add a reminder 
ease the validations on databaseconfiguration # url . 
lps - 67352 add check ' methodparampad ' 
stupid windows committed a case - insensitive library reference to greendroid . 
update changelog . 
cleanup binary 
icon class regenerated 
lps - 55079 set min - height for pre in editor style . 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 5 . 
make jsr305 annotations provided 
update readme . md 
change sample app gradle 
add @ retention to @ withmock documentation 
add sample image for fundamental 6th assignment 
semver com . liferay . portal . kernel . portletdisplaytemplate , increment version 
fixing deprecated gradle property 
 @ deprecated does not have effect in groovy 
updating history 
null check when getting categories property of post model 
update readme . md 
added link to contribute page 
set targetsdkversion to 23 and clean up lib dependencies 
update readme . markdown 
update change log for vertical circles . 
separate branch for ice cream sandwich 
use sqlcipher 3 . 2 . 0 
add the " short - hostname " flag to travis to help the builds . 
fixed reference to actorserializer 
add javadoc source indexing , as per evilseph ' s request 
turning off integration tests in travis - ci build 
fixed ldap . 
you don ' t need local_static_libraries when building static library . 
drop openjdk6 from travis ci suite 
lps - 61099 manually update system . packages . extra . mf 
accessibility event ' s parcelabledata property not nullified during recycling 
update gradle version to 0 . 11 
bumping up dependency - plugin version 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - alpha5 
update volumeslider for cordova 2 . 0 
more dates 
fixing the layout so that instead of wrapping , it is set to fit the contents 
gant file template modified 
added into the tag file 
moved the desktop . cfg file to the resources folder 
ref doc typo 
adding storm - 1436 to changelog . md 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / social / . 
added rb = 117601 to " changed restspecannotation . skipdefault default from false to true . " 
lps - 33512 minor src format 
updated hsqldb to 2 . 3 . 3 
update spongecommon ref . 
poking around build . xml 
updating version . txt top section 
add test data 
remove unused lovely . buildouthttp extension 
jfinal 2 . 2 release ^ _ ^ 
enforce patch scope by default . 
fix typo in install - packages for win os 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 76 
listen to the right bluez signal for channel deletion . 
remote - servers - agent - rt moved to platform 
update readme . md 
moved some test files 
unique module names 
update mongodb version to 2 . 4 . 8 
update readme . md 
update restriction list 
disabled itest for xa . 
bring callback out of if / else 
grails - 11151 remove statementcache from jdbcinterceptors property in default datasource properties 
 ' 1 . 1 . 110 - snapshot ' . 
fixed import error 
build lint jar targetting java 7 vms . 
match it to nidhi ' s open jira 
sync - 1607 clean up . 
test travis 
fix lucene version 
disable jetty debug logging 
use scala 2 . 11 , not scala 2 . 7 
updated testng lib 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 539 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
added storm - 487 to changelog . 
icon / > tag generates html id containing dot when its message contains it ( prevents url to be opened in dialog 
inferconfig should not be exported to github as it is an internal dependency . 
fixed test run ( py - 5160 ) . 
update changelog 
change fsnavigator name 
every user of gdx - setup - ui will be notified . 
debug mode screenshot and miniature 
fix satellite events 
reload tlm in subtasks tag view refresh 
playing with release notes xml files 
don ' t think we need to ask 
adding the apk for facebook android 1 . 4 . 0 . 
v5 . 0 . 0 . b24 - snapshot 
downgraded slf4j to 1 . 5 . 6 to solve illegalacesserror with hibernate 3 . 3 
removed note from robot1_draw example 
cb - 8764 save instancestate before calling super 
clean up todo 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 6 . 
re - add docs symlink 
updated changelog 
terrorist version bump 
prepare version 34 . 
fix owncloud / android # 37 
sqljet happened somehow to contain multiple zip entries for the same name - > fix 
prepare release apns - 0 . 1 
lps - 43967 visual formatting translation manager 
ensure static filed is set to the right value in case the test execution order is changed 
cesure is an english word 
update to latest android gradle build tools v2 . 1 . 0 
update doc submodule pointer to latest wiki commit 
fix sdk build for passpointinfo 
added class diagram for visitor pattern 
fixed data type in setstreamversion 
fixing node # each semantics so jruby will to_a correctly . 
updated changelog 
update version number 
bump build number , re # 398 
update image in tips 
set scrollstotop = no for uitextviews 
fix ` maven_repositories ` section link 
don ' t pull test and provided dependencies into the cli jar 
lps - 64382 language keys 
created tech - debt entries for all components and laboratory components . 
update readme . md 
exclude testframework from pycharm release build 
update play - services version 
updated fml , should fix the new included eclipse workspace . 
secure rest client config test 
add storm - 1594 to changelog 
run tests in build 
classimposterizer does not have to be public 
fixed unittest producer 
make placeholder a little more colorful . 
help topic specified . 
do not merge - re - adding missing status_bar_close_on . 9 for mdpi emulator 
finish activity after starting upload 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc7 - snapshot ' . 
use debug as default wordpressnetworking build config 
comment out verbose mode , uncomment for debugging 
add waffle . io badge 
update readme . md 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 0 
added missing patch step 
added artur to the contributor list 
update spongecommon for entity collision fix . 
i think rfview can take a clear_confusion_matrix = param . 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
upgrade to hdrhistogram 2 . 1 . 8 
removed symbolic link to action bar sherlock library 
remove version number 
mark tachyon . localtachyonclusterresource thread unsafe 
usage of variable defined version for pmd 
fix null pointer 
fix encoding of pom . xml file 
bump gradle plugin for android to v2 . 1 . 0 
do not log cleanup failure 
move android jar to libs folder . 
include root cause exception into the one produced by applicationcontextfacade # doprivileged ( ) 
eliminate production of useless anonymous inner class by javac . 
removed unused import . 
push version to 13 . 1 , 11255 . 
tar . gz distro by mistake include a windows lib 
change default config to take advantage of the multiple log4j configuration option . 
fix processing / processing # 1909 
update gradle to v2 . 0 . 0 - alpha1 to enable instant run ; ) 
svn testing 
add foundation import to the native integraltostring header . 
update forge version 
added note in the toroid example 
another ~ 100 warnings eliminated 
add travis config . 
deploy the upgrade info as an artifact . 
enforce nameconventionforjunit4testclassescheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
lps - 46881 basic bnd file . 
destroy the request environment in cleanup , instead of initing it . 
fix cloud status availability from old url ( v1 ) . 
made hashcode ( ) safer 
fix deferredresult typo in changelog 
default value of 10000 for maxrecordstoreentries 
fix quality flaw ( wrong artifact type ) 
fixed typo in settings . xml 
added cla pdf 
make jekyll recognizing github - flavor - markdown 
allow 35 % tolerance 
bsf is no longer used anywhere . 
lps - 55603 - remove unnecessary code from portalimpl . gethost ( ) 
testing different travis configurations . 
update changelog 
eliminate find - in - files feature flag from conf file 
stops fucntion that broke video viewing on html5 
update comment in alluxio . examples . performance # logperiteration 
removed debugging system out from animchannel 
update readme . md to follow conventions 
fix test resource number . 
add licences in travis 
updated study project name 
updated changelog 
add storm - 1468 , storm - 1199 to changelog 
package adds a newline now . 
recyclerview dependency 
next development version 
registry - api 1 . 0 . 1 packageinfo 
fix voiceinteractionservice . isactiveservice ( ) . 
add dummy shiro . ini to cleanup logs 
updated version to 1 . 2 . 1 
raise default concurrent compactors to 4 to avoid lcs test timeout 
removed oraclejdk6 . 
added storm - 1605 to changelog . 
have - > has the 
correct typo in readme . md 
change 487 to nopass 
upgrade gradle version to 2 . 14 . 1 
added gradle . properties to help travis build 
handle valueerror for json for linking data 
update storelisting 
moved tomas ' s playground into test group to avoid references from core 
update readme . md 
escape directory path in packager . sh 
add in missing module traceback 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . wiki . service , increment version 
update readme . md 
lps - 58418 microblogs shouldn ' t be selectable in asset publisher 
updated changelog 
prepare next release v0 . 88 . 1 - snapshot 
fix typo in ttl field docs 
update readme . md 
added richard guest as contributor , thank you . 
add cancellation support for gradle commands within grails interactive mode 
updated changelog 
upgraded to scala 2 . 9 . 0 
reformatted and updated pos documentation 
update notifications email 
add demo gif 
sonar - 3868 notify user creation handlers on user automatic creation triggered by an external auth system 
fixing syncdoc task to avoid up - to - date message only because target directory already exists 
modify readme . md 
fix android deps for travis 
switch the visibility of lazilyinitializedinfo . clone to protected since it ' s only used by jsdocinfo . 
lps - 50036 remove bad file 
lrqa - 13667 - dependencies 
add " common " utilities to the main readme . 
add grok classifier to avoid collisions with other artifacts 
update android build tools 
lep - 6611 - on safari , classic theme " add page " is hidden 
do not merge - add a big flag to turn off backup 
hide utility class constructor 
jekyll - tree . 
lps - 15675 a serious typo 
pass return code from camera hal for setparameters ( ) . 
fix testdata 
upgrade maven ant tasks to 2 . 0 . 9 
lrqa - 22944 exclude the ' modules / private / util ' folder from compilation 
also make the jar 
support jdk 1 . 4 assert statements , rfe 500122 
update jar 
changed super call to point to correct method . 
fix checking for multilabel 
add a build . gradle to fix # 36 . 
lps - 51819 trim whitespace 
add a note that libxml2 automatically inserts a meta tag in < head > . 
disable amqp by default in graylog2 . conf example # no_issue 
updated changelog 
fix minsdkversion for demo app 
update changelog 
resized images 
ws icons 
update version of build tools 
added readme 
animated gif 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 39 
update changelog . md 
export the record name 
do not restart printspooler when switching portait mode / landscape mode 
updated params from web . xml , add swaggerspec . scala to hold static version of swagger spec rather than use web . xml 
changed scope of servlet - api to provided . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - search / . 
updated changelog 
update submodules core , location 
modify img , listener 
remove empty static initializer from unit test for on master branch 
fix a memory leak in throwable constructor 
document support for hdp 2 . 5 in ug 
fixed data matrix image , the other one had a ' demo ' string inserted in it . 
add keystore to bzip module 
precision loss from db index ( long - > int ) 
fix the refresh method to return the instance 
add files via upload 
add withpivotyear 
also update index ranges after retention cleaning 
update hibernate4 plugin version 
pull changes from sqlcipher core 
setsystemuivisibility ( ) always triggers a surface reallocation 
remove merge marker from changelog 
added storm - 1151 to changelog 
add lockdir 
update spongecommon 
release notes 
made componentobjectspec optional for backward compatibility ( # 1180 ) 
break loop on finding the first non - printable character 
remove the background color from message view headers 
update readme . md 
update release_notes file 
sqlutils surpport odps 
added missing return in the example 
reset version for development 
encourage maven to copy using utf - 8 . 
fix forge install script to use python shipped with fml . 
updated for 3 . 2 . 2 . 
update server . conf 
add mustache as a text / html extension 
mark this module optional . 
fix for grails - 850 
update readme . md 
add npm - debug . 
re - enable this test now logging works for all tests in a class . 
move to latest aws sdk ( 1 . 8 . 11 ) 
use 1 . 0 . 3 of angular2 profile 
make last times volatile . 
update readme . md 
update jar 
fix changelog date 
updated changelog 
remove lint from travis 
kernel health is set to ok after recovery 
updated the changelog 
inverts order of modules jdbc and etk 
update readme 
remove unnecessary check for null 
add storm - 1185 to changelog . md 
add images for the lifcycle of a controller context 
mac os lib and profiling 
00 cst 2015 
update news 
fix refresh folder name in action bar title 
marked release date . 
make sure graphservice is set 
nopass for gridsearch tests 
lps - 44366 setting closure compiler as default minimizer 
get test_model_management . py running with check_sandbox_for_errors . 
fix rest test delete / 42_missing_parent to catch a routingmissingexception 
for the strangest reason , compiling getter with javac fails ; it wants accesslevel , but has accesslevel . 
put in placeholder properties for signing so build doesn ' t fail per # 73 
org / apache / commons / io / ioutils . 
tested on 4 . 2 
updated readme 
v5 . 0 . 0 . b23 - snapshot 
fix notification message when moving . 
null - out the camera source when released 
update spongecommon for ' changeinventoryevent . pickup ' impl . 
logo replaced with clean version 
bumping version number and name for beta 2 . 
added files via upload 
idetalk added to list of checked plugins 
update demo apk 
idea - 62996 copying ( ctrl - c ) a changed entity from the " show changes view " includes inappropriate text . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 5 
updated readme for new project structure 
update objc - test . 
move to " en " sub directory 
set time when creating a new location 
update the changelog 
fix environment setup in travis ci . 
act - 127 updated database profile to refer to the engine module for running the test suite 
described changes to french grammar rules in changes . txt 
lps - 67352 add check ' modifierorder ' 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 15 - snapshot ' . 
update news 
disable javadoc for pc to see if that gets past a mystery jenkins fail 
fix core manifest 
new jikes for linux 
modify dockerfile 
 ' 1 . 5 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
forgot to add new r file to collate 
bump common for getting entities in aabb returning an empty list if no event was thrown and in a valid phase . 
lps - 69188 change goalprefix because we named them all liferay and they should be unique 
update androidmanifest - freedev . 
added storm - 1930 to changelog . 
removed the unnecessary run dependency reported by brian . 
upgrade whassup 
depend on agrona snapshot . 
add bogus . xml to . 
update readme . md 
move vector drawables to proper drawable directory 
add headless test to new swingbuilder test 
add scanfformat to used attributes 
enabled stats in ide crate setup 
updated changelog 
documented minimum junit for mockito rule 
check compatibility of api watcher plugin 
upgrade to joda - time 2 . 5 
add self to contributors . md list 
updated changes . txt 
added storm - 1424 to changelog 
prepare release storm - hbase - 0 . 1 . 2 
fixed build tools 
treat all as debug log level 
forgot to add it renderscript . opt . level to the project . 
 ' eureka - 1 . 1 . 75 - snapshot ' . 
added sample berkelydb properties file for titanserver . 
updated changelog 
changed url to www . robovm . com in readme . md . 
remove robolectric ' s compile - time dependency on robolectric - shadows . 
drop telemetry , project component and application component 
adding warning to mongodb . yml . example file to be aware of importance of spaces behind comma in collections in yaml files 
material - design - icons 
updating version to 0 . 94 
update library reference 
bug 288563 remove unsupported and deprecated - - secure option , use jetty - policy . xml configuration instead with the policy option 
fix a bug in svm . cpp 
changing js build step in release script . 
pass attributes to native audiorecord . 
travis test 
set curr . release to 0 . 90 . 
add notice . txt 
fix test 
preparing for a 4 . 4 release . 
add camel - yammer to components build 
remove unnecessary version number from maven pom 
refresh vcs list after edit 
off by one bug in textview ' s suggestions popup . 
added storm - 1189 to changelog 
hive - 10904 use beeline - log4j . 
set higher open file limit for package builds 
update readme . md 
added storm - 1270 and storm - 1274 to changelog 
add more keywords to the approve_regex 
bumped to v0 . 8 . 9 - snapshot . 
fix test 
set snapshot v0 . 4 . 8 - snapshot . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 2 - snapshot 
remove potentially misleading exception message 
log replaced methods 
add storm - 818 to changelog 
extra test zip 
added diffutils library 
move test file to test folder 
minecraftforge / fml @ 63b64482e6dd4c3e2226ec002ceee549045c35ed add jsr305 dev - time dependancy for nullable / nonnull annotations . 
fix progress dialogs to top of browser window 
fail build when robolectric failed 
remove unused changeevent # propogationid 
shut up output of the git checkout command in the launcher script . 
update readme 
updated to do 
fix test failure when encoding . default_external is not utf - 8 . 
updated jbcrypt jar . 
alpha - 26 / 316 version bump 
update draggable panel version for sample project 
prepend linebreaks to teamcity service messages in unittest runner ( py - 1737 ) 
add a missing include in documentsui android . mk . 
upgrade to jackson smile 2 . 4 . 1 . 1 
trying to fix build error on travis 
add uaa classpath to eclipse classpath 
sorry , wrong bug id 
require maven 3 . 0 . 3 or greater , because we use that api . 
upgrade to mockito 2 . 0 . 44 - beta 
lps - 55198 - reposition close btn in modal header for narrow view 
make android - support - annotations not included as static 
changed library url to a purl . 
updated gradle plugin . 
java 6 only . 
hhh - 11007 - add envers as a test compile dependency . 
update readme . md link to ios version 
added commitchanges before other return statement of annotateexternally ( ) 
move testbikerental * to correct location . 
remove deb init cruft 
update spongeproxyevent . java 
added target to . 
testing svn access 
add portlet properties 
add h2o - web makefile 
revert " clear zombies after they are removed from timer list " 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 3 final 
bump version 
add python - gobject 
removed bin folders 
lps - 55355 ( service ) move custom sql 
complete ' if ' test 
update readme . md 
lps - 34005 language . properties for the new message 
check for apk tamper in homeactivity . onresume ( ) , fix # 309 
liferay favicon update 
close zipfile after use . 
don ' t auto - install packrat 
fix malformed user provision script 
bump the jacoco version . 
unused import removed 
updated the parent pom version to 4 which enforces you to use maven 2 . 1 or higher 
build script updates 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 141 - snapshot 
copy for tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 1 
set default attachment preview image in the code ( and not only in layout ) so that whne moving from a message to another we get the right preview 
fix missing ` task ` 
updated to latest mina version . 
update javapoet to version 1 . 6 . 0 ( commit 4fd756960d5e16051e3e3506e8614ab80f21d4f8 ) 
add includes to enable host c + + tools to compile with gcc 4 . 4 
added ` throws xmppexception to # testbigfunctional 
update spongecommon 
update build . gradle target to android - 21 
removed module js - analysis - api , fixed layout of javascriptplugin 
added storm - 691 to changelog 
0 . 111 - snapshot 
use provided context directly 
remove duplicate module from pom 
added header image 
changed to use projecttargetdir for plugin zip 
version bump for maven - resource - plugin ( # 3265 ) 
depend on maven central version of agrona 0 . 3 . 1 . 
update readme . md 
lrqa - 28221 add youtube as a valid component 
lps - 32502 make the " force start " operation able to work with lazy bundles 
added header 
typefromjavaflexiblerecursive 
update forbiddenapis to version 1 . 8 
update hessian jar to latest , doesn ' t seem to change numbers 
unix install script for android . jar 
don ' t unregister in ondestroy ( ) 
rc - 1 / 281 version bump 
remove redundant cautionary note 
layout id in landscape fixed 
specify views - json - templates too 
bump version number 
added importorder docs for static imports 
trying to get rid of the gradle warnings . 
throw exception if via count is uninitialized 
bump version 
add new demo art gif 
further modifications to travis ci build to prefer ipv4 . 
make module client jars go to org . elasticsearch . plugin groupid 
getmatrix ( ) 
add charset to the release notes to be able to encode non - latin chars properly 
add a missing empty check target to a makefile . 
add generation of manifest for osgi using maven - bundle - plugin 
 ' eureka - 1 . 1 . 15 - snapshot ' . 
manual file sync for oss sync bot 
updated gradle version from 1 . 4 to 2 . 0 in wraper task of userguide ' s simple gradle wrapper sample 
changelog update 
add storm - 1112 to changelog . md 
remove public from scriptintrinsicyuvtorgbthunker definition . 
bump to the latest netty release 
fixed the build system to include the faq 
update changes . txt 
java 6 only . 
changed cmake target install dir to an own subfolder for antlr . 
misc fixes , todo updates 
stop logging from swing 
two new screenshots . 
implemented getopacity 
updated elasticsearch upstream 
forgot to empty the instance id list 
lps - 59705 - call svg4everybody 
removed backport jar , as its no longer needed 
analytics . . . done . 
add apply eclipse to enable cleaneclipse eclipse targets 
adding sample pages to web - service 
update readme . md 
update to release version 
upgrade to netty 3 . 5 . 5 , closes # 2196 . 
add idea file to . 
release version 3 . 1 . 3 . 
update gif 
remove inspektr dependency version number since it ' s defined in parent pom . 
fix docgenerator npe in release 
fixing failed upgrade due to invalid request websocket version 
update version . sbt 
update version number in repo for ecosystem compatibility 
added jar files , lib , etc . 
mult ( ) instead of mul ( ) 
use oracle ' s official jdk 
new image changes 
set for dev 
new mail libs 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 110 
copy for tag flyway - 1 . 6 . 1 
lrqa - 15109 dependencies 
lps - 294 - cdata comment is malformed 
added file referesh before showing merge dialog 
 ' 1 . 56 . 43 - snapshot ' . 
added travis ci configuration . 
upgrade to amqp - client 3 . 4 . 2 
kafka - 1662 gradle release issue permgen space patch by sriharsha chintalapani reviewed by joe sein 
stringutils 
added storm - 833 to changelog 
terms 
reviewboardrc 
turn down task launch timeout 
fix test data 
new version of jikes based on ibm cvs , built with mingw ' s msys6 
new version , apk 
update master docs version to master " 
update gradle - intellij - plugin to 0 . 0 . 43 
upgrading libxml2 dependency from 2 . 7 . 7 to 2 . 7 . 8 . 
update changes 
increase version number 
was ignoring error in tcpserver . 
remove call to filedescriptor . sync in compiler . writeclassfile 
updated travis ci for newest dependencies 
edited readme . md via github 
update readme . md 
lps - 46153 propagation parameter should be false , everywhere in the portal we are setting this parameter to true explicitly , this assumes the default is false . 
updated changelog 
bumped up test timeouts since hudson seems slower than local machine for contention experiments . 
make messages in language module manager translatable 
fix namevaluepair package . 
get proper manifest into runtime jar 
added 3 . 0 . 0 protoc 
update readme . md 
fix react word wrapping crash 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - beta2 - snapshot 
mahout - 775 fix for trainadaptivelogisticregression 
updating version . txt for snapshot 
introduced empty qa profile for pr builder integration . 
fixed version snapshot 
updated version . properties 
enabled forwgroundimageview to be clickable 
lps - 65786 move portletkeys to api 
update master docs version to master 
move the pyunit_deprecated_random_attack_medium . py to pyunit_deprecated_nopass_random_attack_medium . py . 
remove sticky grid headers 1 . 0 jar . 
version change 
added travis_wait to avoid timeouts 
settings 
added storm - 1063 to changelog 
update news 
fstcodec fixed 
s / encourage / encourages / 
 ' 1 . 56 . 44 - snapshot ' . 
quaqua laf updated to version 5 . 2 . 1 
update the changelog 
temporarily revert to previously good shade version 
use jdk 7 in travis - ci 
install monotone 
delete a local ref in getsurface 
updated core to depend on spring 
check ideavim for compatibility as well 
rm a extra compile 
fix version metadata 
added storm - 749 to changelog . 
rename chart and add 
updated readme . md to show version 0 . 4 . 3 . 
the sparkle framework , used to build the macosx package . 
fixing bash in installdeps 
test 
bump socket . io to test 
change package to info . hoang8f . fbutton 
add httpserver changes 
add joe smith to travis email notifications 
update news 
update readme . md 
moved packages to api project for api projects to use 
upgrade sample version number 
version 
library files required for build were added 
add missing soydoc to fix docs 
new authorisation config for submodule 
lps - 3566 lpe - 1008 
release version 4 . 0 . 0 . 
go - offline fails with dependencies from github site plugin . 
added a note about 3 . 0 . 0 compatibility 
updated changelog 
fix syntax highlighting in readme 
fixed spacing in css . 
add test dependency 
changelog for 4 . 0 . 0 - rc2 
moving to endpgl ( ) to match beginpgl ( ) 
add dialog . onbackpressed ( ) 
bump up pegasus version to 5 . 0 . 12 
disable checkstyle in java8 package 
prepare version 20 - beta1 . 
updates build tools in examples project . 
update spongecommon 
speed up travis builds 
update android support library to latest version . 
adding storm - 1093 to the changelog 
fix proguard configuration 
created popularmoviesview 
updated version in readme . 
fixed groovydoc task 
language keys 
py - 12932 fix wrong test data 
deleted cname in master 
lps - 12437 enable by default user groups to be member of organizations 
sonar - 5481 update version of sq runner used by internal maven plugin to 2 . 4 
corrected db upgrade logic so that comment table isn ' t reset twice 
updated changelog 
storm - 273 updated change log . 
added getserveraddress to singlechannelmongoclient 
whl hammer 
unhide signalstrength # getlevel ( ) 
update to netty - 3 . 9 . 8 . 
tweak diagnostics help link text 
it is now possible to provide a list of filter patterns for tests 
lps - 55475 move companyproviderwrapper to portal - service 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 4 
tanks are standalone blocks 
remove reference to querydsl - root 
update ffmpeg jni library with mjpeg support compiled for linux 32 - bit . 
update start_services . 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
remove print statement . 
removed android - support - v4 . jar . 
ensure top level lib / armeabi folder exists before installing files there 
renaming the library back to " candy " 
add some todo 
updated changelog 
added a test case for gremlinengine . . . going to probably rename these to gremlinscriptengine and gremlinscriptenginefactory to be consistent with other scriptengine classes . 
updated changelog 
added space between the " - c " and the " $ cmd " in the " su " arguments . 
update and rename readme to readme . md 
unused import 
upgrade junit to 4 . 6 
upgrade to jukito 1 . 4 . 1 
update gradle 
updated changes 
just a test from my new mac 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 57 
correct testdata . 
pom scm fix . 
add readers and standard modules file . 
make crossbuildscriptcachingintegrationspec test require an isolated daemon 
km2 golden tests now pass . 
java / src / main / resources / sample - video . 
fixed a typo in our golden results . 
fix makefile for docs . 
slightly improve positioning strategy for redeclaration on class object 
use gradle 2 . 10 final . 
add string type to outerhtml . 
fixed framerate . 
hive - 5795 - hive should be able to skip header and footer rows when reading data file for a table ( adding missing files ) 
and a derp found its way into my commit . . . 
added storm - 1408 to changelog 
update to latest release , which is 1 . 7 . 5 
fixed license 
fixed java sytax error in example 
test travis . yml file 
removed unused private field muid 
prepare for 2 . 0 . 2 release 
portal - upgrade 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
new branch yota2 
fix a command . 
fix doc build - scanresult is exposing passointinfo which is still hidden 
quote the pullapprove regexes 
corrected link path in the readme 
added gdx - mavenizer from team gemserk 
add userdata to btcollisionobject 
removed link to survey 
updated changelog 
version 4 . 12 - snapshot 
don ' t need to link to libsqlite from media jni library . 
formatting readme markdown 
reverted back mockito version as boot isnt ready for it just yet . 
upgraded to gradle 1 . 11 
update readme 
updated to target to android - 17 
add catlet dir 
update changelog 
updated example 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 8 - snapshot 
fix sqlitelibraryloader tests 
add word - break rule to messages ; 
correct a typo . 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 37 - snapshot ' . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 112 - snapshot ' . 
 ' 0 . 4 . 38 - snapshot ' . 
add storm - 1505 to changelog 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 4 . 1 - nf1 ' . 
incremented sample version code 
upgraded the gradle wrapper to 1 . 0 - m8a 
change version file to match gradle . properties 
upgrade tool_output jar 
domtokenlist should be iarraylike < string > 
set spongecommon submodule branch for convenience 
add publish script 
suppress a deprecation warning . 
issues . txt update 
proper scrollbarstyle in google card example 
changed dependencies back to snapshot versions after tagging 
prep for dev 
move to android gradle plugin 2 . 2 . 0 - rc1 
add storm - 1902 to changelog 
ensure that xcode can find the r framework 
added wobly to list of serializers 
marked https as beta feature 
narrow return type of localqueryrunner . printplan ( ) 
update to 6 . 12 . 1 - snapshot 
 ' 1 . 1 . 142 - snapshot ' . 
removed nineoldandroids library dependency , added as jar 
allow jetty to run in java 8 compact 3 profile 
added sparkapplication . destroy ( ) fixes # 151 
restore canvas once group has been drawn 
had removed a needed package ( os ) 
added constructor that takes the parent class loader 
adds libjnvpx binaries for linux and mac os x . adds the libvpx sources used to libsrc . 
add dir params 
remove deprecated collectall usage from liblicenses . gant 
sample improvements - try fix build 
updating readme . md again 
cr1 post - release 
update jar 
update mongodb version to 2 . 4 . 6 
bumped up intro sub - section of transactions to be first paragraph of transactions chapter 
fixed ms access identifier quoting 
interrupt threads before waiting for them to terminate to ensure they aren ' t still waiting on a lock . 
temporarily disabled crossitcase since it seems to lock up in an infinite loop 
update readme_pushing_to_maven . 
updated license url 
lps - 54326 build . properties 
redisson updated 
remove superfluous import 
lps - 48570 - dependencies 
next development version 
 ' writeln ' added 
updating build and version name for 2 . 6 rc 1 
don ' t lose content change during rollback for loader already started 
add gif of inbox animation 
add subscript syntax to markdown quick reference . 
added functionality to support partially fillable loaders according to a percentage . 
alpha - 10 / 266 version bump 
fix replacing catalog in session . withcatalogproperty 
sonar - 3893 introduced unique partial for source display 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 8 
messageoutput now has getname ( ) 
update build tool version 
fixed moco jdk version on 1 . 6 for now 
update readme . md 
fix issue with plugin surfaces not updating properly within the view system . 
updated sample 
bumped version to 0 . 8 . 7 - snapshot . 
update reference to owncloud - android - library 
missing import 
invalidate the cached ripple drawable mask if mask layer changes 
add storm - 1374 to changelog . md 
unchecked 
updated changelog 
lrqa - 22944 reference the ' ee - 7 . 0 . 
check for disposed project during background indexing ( ideadev - 38081 ) 
attempt to free wrong buffer . 
fixed a code typo 
update version 
fix ui leak via contents of framewrapper that stayed forever in window . allwindows 
adding storm - 1388 to changelog 
update actor . proto 
update changelog 
updated build to be specific about versions 
push version to 14 - beta4 , 11261 . 
flush writer during keep - alives . 
update news 
make scrollbar wider 
fixing jabber login to some services . 
missing t in java_opts env variable 
add prebuilt apk file of the demo 
minecraftforge / fml @ dfce4cd8d023a546c4c21405db182b8ddcd38633 allow registering custom language adapters . 
delete gdx - setup . 
raise circleci test timeout 
 = false to avoid scala version on publish 
override script to skip connectedcheck for now 
update credits . md 
update spongecommon for modded world gen fix . 
correct copyright info 
thirdpartyaudit . missingclasses set to true 
fix build 
add play services to travis config 
fix tiles animating when qs edit is open 
update readme . md 
updated proguard config 
changed to snapshot to let maven to upload in snapshot repo 
update to correct group name for agrona 
update version of scripts module 
update sources 
remove check for java 6 or above before applying bintray . gradle 
added common resources 
increment curr . build to rc2 
upgrade jedis to 2 . 7 . 0 
fix root project name . 
update spongecommon for config fixes . 
lps - 8248 - liferay css layout 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / quick - note / . 
the ssl gets cleaned too . 
update frontends . asciidoc 
disable other flaky apple app test integration test 
added storm - 1909 to changelog 
changed folder name from heb to he 
don ' t fork groovy compilation . 
cat . recovery regex still causing occasional jvm regex stackoverflows . 
hive - 126 . 
sonar 
remote ' maven project builder ' from project - > properties - > builders 
update to flow 0 . 2 . 16 
add astfun . r to collate list . 
clean up temp files if there is no cache result . 
substitute trilead - ssh2 library with the patched one 
remove temporary file npm . tar . gz from git 
set for dev 
add release notes wrt # 340 
make the test encyclopedia be called " blaze test encyclopedia " internally and " bazel test encyclopedia " externally . 
use decay learning rate in income demo 
add cancel to switch clause in toggleimitator . 
remove task . max - memory from config file in rpm 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 93 
bump version 
changed build to beta2 
disable javadoc generation in sbt build 
upgrading otto to 1 . 3 . 3 
 / u / nlp / git / javanlp 
tab problem for java 
update python generators icons 32x32 - > 16x16 
add storm - 1126 to changelog 
removed the userlist ' s x button from the portrait view . 
update jar 
changed agrona dependency to be 0 . 1 to pull from maven when needed . 
frontend - css - rtl - converter 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
turned off autojoin = true for config . xml . . . welcome message tells users how to join audio 
fixing src / test / resources mistakes 
occurred 
use graphview lib version 3 . 2 . 1 
adding security - deny - uncovered test 
add transition screenshots 
kill checkoutputthread on stoptrace ( py - 12782 ) . 
increase the volume of the audiotrack instance used for the speech synthesis . 
lps - 65848 tomcat - juli . jar was originally excluded to configure tc server 
lps - 58844 - iframes that open from dropdown menus freeze at the loading screen 
update readme . md 
move benchmark api to 1 . 4 
use a new snapshot 
got rid of a weird debugging string 
update spongecommon for entity block collision fix . 
updating changes for v1 . 1 . 1 
time_t does not have a type_id 
minor , set xml indentation to 4 spaces 
 " cyclomatic " 
commit transaction after indexing . 
retrieve request object 
pushed cunit back to 1 . 12 
adding comment about compiler argument 
enable travis for all branches 
set isineditmode ( ) to true # 9 
shadows , fixed an issue when polyoffset was not properly applied on lighting material 
 / / github . com / antlr / antlr4 / pull / 875 to java runtime parser 
eventbus - annotation - processor 3 . 0 . 1 
restore old json library jar 
jsf tags do not popup javadoc on every second element ( ideadev - 10507 ) 
use ' background ' app state when app is foregrounded from notif 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 141 
generate the tarball with top level directory 
fixed focus javascript error . 
add eclipse project dot files to . 
final release 
added another page link to readme 
bump version in readme example . 
updated codegen dependency 
remove useless import 
changes the chat room contacts background . 
use direct path to resource compiler 
fixed merge - to - master 
lps - 40458 executorintraband should clean up timeout response waiting datagrams in writing thread 
add third contributor . 
adding tools . jar , needed for javadocs building 
bump junit dependency to 4 . 11 for closure compiler 
remove some implemented features from the todo list 
update rctactionsheetmanager . m 
try a different openjdk package name . 
moving this to nopass since it still intermittently fails with infinite objective function due to projection outside probability simplex 
optimize pooledunsafedirectbytebuf . newinternalniobuffer ( ) 
added storm - 735 to changelog 
add todo 
lps - 65017 move icons files 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - beta4 - snapshot 
adds a jitsi - local . 
update readme . md 
renamed glassfish tree benchmark . 
audit misuse of mastercontext in tests . address some comments . 
mark gson as provided since we jarjar it in . 
update news 
remove unneeded sample app aar 
setting 9 . 2 . 9 - snapshot 
updated the yajsw version 
do not allow to add non psinamedelements 
added another todo 
update changelog 
move bikerentalgraphbuilder to correct place . 
upgrade to okhttp 3 . 0 . 1 
todo is old 
update to 7 . 1 . 1 - snapshot 
added new version of gradle wrapper 
update spongecommon for loadentities fix . 
removed ' projectsevaluated ' to fix antennapod build 
fixing construction of handler in appwidgethost 
update fastadapter to v1 . 0 . 4 
improve jetbrains . dic 
yey , we can haz travis - ci badge ! 
fix the hash that works with gradle in exopackage . html docs . 
test circle ci android build 
add notice 
switched to new parent - central pom , which changes the maven site skin 
let travis also build the plugins 
add german translation of welcome . mkd 
update issue_template . 
lps - 53447 let the group cleanup everything 
docstring fix for concat ( ) 
revert " make privacy provider single user for multi - user environments " 
fix reveal . js media size and positioning on ie10 + 
update spongecommon for dropitemevent fix and new world methods . 
bumped openpgp - api to version 5 
remove hardcoded position for scrolltoposition . 
netty lib updated to latest 
require check be run in travis build 
lps - 55185 - dropdown caret should be inline with parent page text 
fix broken test name that prevents test from running . 
updated acegi version in pom . xml 
remove rxjava - examples submodule 
add " tuple " and " tuples " ( fixes # 394 ) 
 ' 0 . 4 . 49 - snapshot ' . 
upgrade to netty 3 . 7 . 0 
fix task leak in coordinator 
updated changelog 
remove unused enum value 
added relocation to android - maven - plugin . 
updating version . txt top section 
i always forget travis . yml fixes # 199 
bumped parent - pom - > 7 - rc 
dtd lexer converted to flex adapter 
fix changes . txt 
clarify profile for activating browser build . 
annotation on return value 
add storm - 2078 to changelog 
fix failing test 
add maginatics 
travis configuration changes # 255 
bump python port to version 0 . 3 . 3 
bump version to 0 . 0 . 6 . 
update spongecommon 
added explicit hystrixplugins . reset ( ) to hystrixtimerthread init of each test 
removed duplicate version number 
have travis build with both oracle java 7 and oracle java 8 
updated the changelog 
change guess from multiple ip addresses to info from warn . 
add a class plainsaslserver that implements the saslserver interface - - add newline at end of file 
update version to 2 . 0b1 
use runtime . gc instead of system . gc for ddms . 
next version will be 1 . 0 - milestone - 3 
include podspec in npm distribution 
updatetessellation ( ) removed pshapeopengl . getvertexcount ( ) 
use a more recent version of findbugs that is compatible with java 8 . 
release version 3 . 2 . 0 . 
add cygwin compatability 
starting the readme 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 4 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
allow unnecessarycasts diagnostic to be suppressed . 
bump to gradle 1 . 8 
adds storm - 1377 
enable ipv6 for circle ci 
post 0 . 1 . 5 version bump 
lps - 36459 new method to get the action object 
add missing threads class to the make file 
enable debug logs of phantomjs 
remove option to disable console 
retina icon for maven tool window 
bumped jarjar version 
we don ' t need to see that ' export ' info everytime 
update year to 2016 
mevbench - - goodluck 
removing wiki repo submodule 
disable mongodb auth by default . 
add asmack and guava source attachments properties files 
small rules updates 
added add . png . 
remove tmp file 
remove author tag left in from copy & paste 
lps - 30679 pagination arrows not rendered correctly in ie7 
using new release of the http - client . 
adding gradle - app . 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 833 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
lps - 54053 create missing test file 
add javadoc saying that wake locks are ref counted by default . 
two glm runits corrected . 
updated group id for bintray publications 
in travis add open script 1 
fix author filtering in svn browse changes ( ideadev - 5990 ) 
lps - 47665 rename view . jsp to documents . jsp ( no logic changes ) 
update spongecommon for setlocationandangles npe fix . 
fixing transitive - ness of provided 
default eviction policy is none 
added recognizer . removeerrorlisteners ( ) to recognizer . py 
create python environment 
fix typo ( concurrent_compacters - > concurrent_compactors ) in cassandra . yaml 
remove a / 
improved css to only add space for breadcrumbs below the * first * title on each page . 
delay camera autofocus till surfacechanged callback 
update library reference 
updated changelog 
fixed travis build problem 
prevent newline normalization on windows for smali tests 
update bytebuffer - collections to 0 . 2 . 5 ( # 3117 ) 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 88 - snapshot 
bump to ninja 3 . 0 . 2 
slf4j - simple 1 . 7 . 19 
remove symbol added by accident into javalang . kt 
downgrad guava for hadoop 
push version to 203 and 11 - beta3 . 
bump version 
current . xml 
testing travis - ci 
update build tools 
update apk 
modfiy readme 
fix seekableviewsfortest to handle the reset ( long , double ) overload properly 
update readme . md 
put back java7 building in travis ci because javadoc stylesheet problem is gone . 
re - added the branch environment variable export on travis 
lps - 55928 @ override 
travis does not support a jdk named ' openjdk8 ' 
updated changelog 
remove duplication in scrollresponder . js | edward kim 
remove unnecessary semicolon in twowayview 
now that travis builds properly , let ' s try adding openjdk6 back 
added exit on error code 1 , theres no need to execute if ant isnt 
increase library version 
update readme . md 
added storm - 370 to changelog 
added the manual to the build . 
update changes 
lps - 23585 bad written column name so it could cause problems on databases not supporting sensitive queries 
loading icon is on the screen forever when leaving the app after sharing a file 
rename 
documented socket handler enhancement 
fix metrics - jersey ' s description . 
update spongecommon for te snapshot fix . 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 4 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
don ' t clean by default 
update news 
delete object on exit 
a bit scary fix . . . 
bumped parent versions from 2 - snapshot to 2 
let travis use java8 
restore snapshot version 
r / m clock struct from news 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 69 
work around a possible driver bug 
update gradle plugin 
added example gif 
shoud not exclude novell code 
lay out - > layout 
built new snapshot lib 
specificy tools versions for travis 
released a new snapshot . 
added clear function to fake dom . 
logging needed by jetty at runtime , moving to merge dir 
upgraded example build tools to 21 . 1 . 1 . 
removing travis build 
update author 
fix alignment of notification action buttons . 
changelog updated 
update screenshots 
lps - 61952 minor edit to breaking change description . 
correction to irish code per iso 639 - 1 
reinstate @ flow 
revert to gradle 1 . 10 as there seem to be a weird bug with task creation 
update license . txt 
fix messagespread route # no_issue 
run fieldmappers on non - partial message view , too 
use http by default 
fix drf / gbm tests - gaussian deviance now works . 
nullable project in remotetransfer 
jna libraries recompiled with java 6 
fix workspace header 
lps - 51081 move the build dir for the root project , so modulesbuildscriptstest will not complain 
upgrade hadop - lzo to 0 . 4 . 13 . 
fixing license header in com . phonegap . api . pluginmanager 
added zero - arity body to comp function returning identity fn 
readme for crf 
prevent compiler from seeing non - java source files to eliminate many ant " dont know how to handle it ! " 
have to specify ' higher_accuracy ' = 1 now 
excluding new deprecated methods in dbcursor class 
update gradle - mvn - push . 
fix glitch of checkout - tag script that print message regardless of git checkout . 
upgrade version . 
added the portuguese changes 
problem with keycode = = right fixed . 
changed target sdk to 21 ( lollipop ) 
fixes # 1138 - adding jetty - client dependency to websocket . mod 
alphabetize target dependencies this looks like a total yak shave , but it will make automating the moving of dependencies to 3rdparty / . . . easier . 
making readme . md look slightly better 
fixed test , forgot to shutdown the batch inserter 
rename 
 / / bigbluebutton . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 65 af16638f - c34d - 0410 - 8cfa - b39d5352b314 
adding missing newline 
upgrade gradle to benefit from instant run ' again ' . 
adding found line back 
camel - 822 updated the jaxb . index file of dataformat 
removing test file 
sonar - 5622 use an ellipsis on test file name to prevent having a scrollbar 
make rpm not include parent dirs 
update readme . md 
include cli - 10 . jar in idea core dist 
update to airlift tpch 0 . 1 
 " arquillian " 
add missing graph . shutdown ( ) in txn graph test 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 59 
removed synchronized from fillinstacktrace 
fix it so that ogg files are sent with the correct mimetype header 
bump pay - me version 
log4j . properties should use $ base_dir too . 
revert " fixed the problem with the calendar sort order using the column name " 
prepare for next development version ( a bit overdue ) . 
change the syntax_highlighter 
create readme . md 
increment to next dev version 
adding readme for phonegap 0 . 8 
reinstate version qualifier . 
the location module was added twice ; fixed that 
update to graph - types image . 
improve sqlparser 
prepare for next development iteration 
remove dependencies on children as we don ' t build the parent project but build each individually 
update readme . md 
remove a todo that - on reflection - is not necessary . 
add a readme section for open items to remind me to check & test xml 
update changes 
limit travis - ci to jdk7 . 
shutdown method was not implemented . 
clean up images and exit container automatically 
added missing log dependency 
removing osx file 
update spongecommon . 
fix tests for a pure ant run 
ask for more verbose debugging information by default 
add the run script 
use test fixtures from ' native ' project in ' plugins ' project 
add tags for wakelock and other api names 
lps - 30522 turn off hibernate ' s second level cache and query cache by default 
activating rake - compiler 
fix getintervalhistogram returning empty histogram 
add isshowing function to android softkeyboard plugin 
fix unused import 
edited authors log 
changed createtempdir to protected so it can be overriden by sub classes 
revert " remove unused jar " 
update crate - sql - plugin submodule 
return 3 when service not running 
lps - 42262 use ellipsis in content preview title 
added new ssl cert into the keystore with a longer validity interval 
and update changes . txt for cassandra - 11051 
build tools version 
copy opaque over shape in gradientdrawable copy constructor 
recommend jcenter repo . 
upgraded parent declaration for apoc - examples to use examples - pom 2 . 
remove spurious regular expressions , fix some rules 
update readme . md 
support for new title property under android 
lps - 56795 - rename jsp files directory of tag " ddm - template - renderer " from " ddm_template_renderer " to " template_renderer " . 
portal - search 3 . 1 . 0 packageinfo 
upgrade barchart udt bundle 
added sys import for pytests 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 52323 
update pom to 0 . 2 
fixes # 217 by including the examples project in the publish task 
cr3 
remove import hashmap statement since it ' s not been used . 
only build the master branch with travis . 
create test 
align default with context default 
update jar 
add explanation of decision tree values in regression case 
missing case in op - explain 
added application description . 
made commandlineoptions . getoptionsiterator ( ) package private 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 66 
removed old xerces jar 
fixed version number for 1 . 7 . 0 build 
fix maven deploy 
latest release is 1 . 7 . 20 
make go case sensitive language 
returned test name fot fulljetpsicheckertest 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 1 . 3 
update spongecommon for bantype and gamemode registry fixes 
lps - 3828 missing language key 
remove clustertool from debian package 
initialize default project profile for template project 
move the version to a separate file 
prepare version 20 . 
tools are failing because of the missing files 
use surefire 2 . 10 inherited from jboss - parent 
suppress unsatisfiedlinkerror ( debug info ) 
paths - > modules . 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0 - rc2b 
use lib ' s in plugin for jspc as well 
added joda - convert jar 
portal - remote - dependency - manager - tccl 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
track check in button in shows list menu . 
update for new gradle for android plugin 
cobertura version is specified as 2 . 6 as in other place ' 
switched to latest spock snapshot 
add storm - 1766 to changelog 
update emitter version 
upgrade to junit 4 . 9 
tiny refactor in rx - architecture build . gradle 
java 7 is required since 2ca19506 
bump version to 1 . 9 . 42 . 
fixed typo in put - mapping docs 
update project . properties 
deploy icons 
lppe - moved the cas . properties . example as a test resource to main resources directory . 
add missing suppressions . 
added indexer . yml to build_release . 
lps - 7716 apply stringbundler to portal - web / docroot / html / portlet / portlet_configuration 
fix getinput ( ) 
update readme . md 
make apersistentvector . subvector public 
fix spelling mistake - i am a shocker i know . 
update news 
update todo 
correct the heron - spi rule location ( # 997 ) 
increased rctinlinevaluethreshold for asynclocalstorage 
pojo doc placeholder 
update spongecommon for vanilla chunk unload fallback option . 
run before - script for travis in before_install phase 
fix typo in http header caching config example 
bumping version to null 
new test 
add storm - 1964 to changelog 
update spongecommon for stack overflow fix . 
attributes for types 
update gif previews with better quality 
add seaborn to requirements . txt 
added an empty . 
default to " all " 
update spongecommon 
resetting sqlcipher submodule to tag v2 . 0 . 4_rc1 
replaced macosx volume icon as the one on the svn seemed corrupted . 
reduced the level of pmd checks for driver - compat and morphia to reduce the noise . 
allow external application to open a tab 
adding the pch file . 
disable sample - app 
create readme . md 
 ' rxjava - 0 . 9 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
don ' t show the reader topics selector if our activity has finished . 
changes , changes . . . 
add sleep to rule out false positives in integrationtest 
variable for times 
update submodule link . 
import which produces error on macosx jdk has been deleted 
fixing the jsdoc for angular . bind . 
add dave brosius to contributors 
update readme . md 
closing channelpool in close ( ) method 
lps - 39148 - images didn ' t get committed 
updated dependency to use ldap core instead 
avoid clearing interrupt flag when catching interruptedexception 
different coalescing key for ` touchcancel ` events 
remove unused java_test target specific override for the java agent . 
remove xml 
update travis config 
git calls aren ' t necessary 
log info messages 
changes 
let ' s give that a date 
fixing small memory leak when evaluating xpath queries . 
update classpath for ui in storm . cmd so storm ui works properly on windows 
we can ' t pass null because it will throw an exception . 
lps - 47461 add entry - action style 
update readme . md 
pull disklrucache forward for readme change 
fixing minor rounding bug in helper 
modify build version for branch ci snapshots 
updated build tools from oc jb workaround app 
added inspection of running services 
fix for travis ? 
forgot to commit the services file 
png 
update spongecommon for block event fixes . 
added openejb 
lps - 43745 - the remove page button is cutoff in a minimized interface 
update spongecommon for ' changeblockevent . pre ' interact fix . 
don ' t compile java 6 class when not building with java 6 or later . 
added newline at end of percolate tests 
adressing review comment for # tachyon - 1243 
intellij 13 . 1 keeps thrashing this file 
announce changes to the keyguard security message for accessibility . 
closes completely the master password dialog when finished instead of just hiding it . 
groovy test module has a runtime dependency onto the " ant " module for tests 
updated changes for version 4 . 8 
change spring - aop dep to compile scope in contacts sample 
updated version number 
add valid duplicate classes jars 
revert source plugin to 2 . 4 
add release notes 
remove - - debug option 
update library reference 
upgrade to okhttp 2 . 4 . 0 
update serialversionuid in library 
moved javadoc building to site target 
added storm - 741 to changelog . 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 27 - snapshot ' . 
disable tests for example - fixture 
fixed manifest entry 
update build . sh with pull request changes 
fix build error 
changing group to something without . 
need to publicize states to fix a build error . 
h2o_on_hadoop_0xdata with new template 
another note about verbose output for rn packager 
nebula - 28 preventing contrib project from being uploaded 
added a documentation image . 
upgrade to netty 3 . 9 . 3 . 
updating the base . js and the genjsdeps code to provide goog based on a comment annotation . 
version bump 
to jetbrains . dic ( idea - 68402 ) 
update readme . md ( # 35 ) 
lps - 17896 if " image " is set and " message " is not , message will default to image ' s value 
added storm - 1423 to changelog 
update parent pom 
disabled the warning message if we use reflection for protected methods 
make auto - builders create a ci workspace rather than a full - blown decomp one 
remove disallow / preview from indexing . 
remove third - party / java / eden / thrift - java . jar that was inadvertently added . 
updating to the latest netty version . 
update spongecommon for serverbossbar changes 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 57347 
update system - rules to 1 . 10 . 0 . 
a tiny change to allow the jspservlet to be implemented differently ( and in a different package ) 
call to gradle wrapper in travis . yml 
add a log_tag for android . graphics . graphics jni . 
ignoring exit code for clean task 
update travis config 
no default constructor for jsoup 
do not return a super type if a class represents an interface . 
enable infinispan transactions by default 
avoid to null out the cookiestore field in dostop ( ) , to prevent random npes while stopping . 
changed the nagemailaddress of the build tag . 
added a clarifying note . 
travis 
update dput - ppa . 
remove dummy libsurfaceflinger_client 
update readme . md 
tweak travis build definition to not output ansi control codes . 
create issue_template . 
remove extraneous @ override javadoc ' tag ' 
fixed classpath for run task 
prix32 macro needs __stdc_format_macro defined on systems instead of __stdc_limit_macros 
adding multiaccount_support property 
fix more type info caching bugs . 
todo note on impact of sleep on supervisor 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 15 
readme 
lps - 36361 - prevent document title bleeding 
remove obsolete libwpa_client library 
update changelog for storm - 745 
added travis - ci 
lps - 62534 move to module 
icons 
updating readme , fixes # 411 
update changelog for storm - 380 
minor fix to spec . 
consistent use of localhost in all dev configs 
link to to flow 0 . 2 . 14 
updated changelog 
bump version to 3 . 0 . 0 - beta . 1 
tiny ifdef for jdk14 code 
restore grails . factories for grails . compiler . traits . webdatabindingtraitinjector 
add missing double quotes to readlink call . 
tostring ( ) ( cherry picked from 
change eventbus to remove the thread local queue after dispatching events . 
minecraftforge / fml @ d14d1a8fea4c9242c944079ab8e4cdd516dfce4c update to use the inherited jar format . 
updated changelog 
cleaned up the binding jar which got included unintentionally . 
remove unnessary bundle package 
whitelist page . settings . resourcetimeout 
cosmetic removal of a blank line 
added close instruction for fill endshape 
updated energy icons 
update changes 
to added in snapshot status 
dist files . 
pull script for window 
added circle ci configuration 
change syntax to make it clear calling a script in directory instead of an os command 
added upgrades . txt to index of installation - deployment chapter 
force monospace font in qt preview 
method ` handle ` of templateviewroute can throw exceptions 
update aeron description . 
testing bzr 
proposed bug fix 
add missing ic_favorited . 
prepare version 21 . 0 . 0 . 
jayatana patched to support ubuntu 13 . 10 ( sources only ) 
delete design_pattern_relationship . 
made neo4j - manual dependency optional . 
update to latest iconics - core 1 . 7 . 7 
sqlite error " unsupported file format " = corruption 
don ' t store binary in source repository . 
make inner class static . 
made also map accessors return immutable wrappers 
 ' curator - 1 . 3 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
updating build number in build . gradle 
add missing local_min_sdk_version for support library demos 
use java 6 language level in idea . 
import interpolation 
declare location separately in class as is done in favoriteslistfragment 
added package . html 
remove paddingtop in animatedgratuitousapp 
change default minimum user id to 1000 
makefile fix 
lrqa - 24908 add new property ' extraapps . plugins . includes ' for functional tests 
updated to do 
update maven gpg plugin from 1 . 4 to 1 . 5 . 
lps - 64870 not needed , there are no kernel dependencies 
ensure gradle - wrapper . jar is being treated as binary in windows 
update changes 
update to latest android build tools 
minecraftforge / fml @ 1a99ec7db612f258983c6ac685da906bf7cde0a6 deprecate getaabbpool so people can stop using it in mods . 
made background of found eclipses white 
temporarily removed spock - specks from nightly build due to maven problem 
removed application tag from library , unnecessary 
fixes release jar 
menunode . serialversionuid 
eagerly end ( ) inflaters to avoid a native leak 
add play_progress . 
update debian packaging following readme extension change 
version bump to 1 . 9 . 4 
gradle 2 . 3 
prepare for next release 
lps - 66923 migrate packageinfo 
add optimized version of jportaudio . dll for 64 - bit windows . 
update parent to 25 - snapshot 
android libgdx . so 
simple gone fullscreen button 
fix travis ci 
upgraded postgres jdbc driver version 
push to docker after deploy to github 
add missing section include for reindex breaking changes 
call super method to prevent stackoverflowexception . 
json added to layout 
disable code stripping in sampleapp debug builds 
increase minsdkversion to api level 8 , froyo , android 2 . 2 because 2 . 1 force - closes due to the string resource reference in the manifest 
fix readme . md 
switching to openjdk7 
build with gradle 2 . 9 - rc - 1 . 
make this internal class public to avoid internal errors of the jvm 
update pom 
remove appstate from known issues page 
fix jersey - netty version . 
update library reference 
removed an infinite recursive loop in log4jlogger . error ( string , throwable ) 
update readme . md 
fixed incorrect xxhdpi trash icon 
reduce eden space from 10 % to 1 % 
added wand - item to default config . yml . 
breathing room between rssi and battery on tablets . 
update spongecommon for inventory fix . 
update readme 
add makefile 
delete malmomissiontable_currenttasks_v . 2 . 0 . 
preliminary travis - ci support 
upstream update from sqlcipher 
remove obsolete todo 
updated changelog 
updated changelog 
upgrade sdk version number 
remove incorrect todo 
test image 
removed hazelcast async executor from distro package 
fix groovy 1 . 6 . 3 
more info 
update spongecommon for block notification fix . 
bump netty version to 4 . 0 . 31 . 
update for releasenotes 
added makefile . 
support for sip ( work in progress ) 
update build configuration 
updated changelog 
attaching javascript compression to the compile phase 
add dependency for apache commons pool 
update changes 
add npm - debug . 
update bbb - conf 
disable _binomial_double_trees by default for r api as well , not just python / flow . 
move runits for glrm set loss function by individual column to passing thanks to michal ' s fix 
remove car audio class from auto pairing . 
deleterequest . version was not initialized to ` versions . match_any ` 
tune default foreground for yosemite 
remove version in producer . py 
clear viewgroup nested scrolling axes when nested scrolling stops 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 1 . 5 
add new aztec , pdf417 images for help 
removed dependency - reduced - pom . xml from . 
set for release 
no needto check for java 
next version is the rc . 
cache netbeans platform and gradle deps 
add si - 500 fix to changelog 
closes the stringlogger in shutdown ( ) for ha graph db 
lps - 68289 tck - jdk8 and unit - jdk8 are stable enough , turn on auto close for them . 
jetty - 9 commit test 
added storm - 1523 to changlog 
run all test files 
setting back to android - 18 api for now 
mit 
update to agrona 0 . 4 . 8 - snapshot . 
update jar 
patching manifest 
fix splash progress disappearing on image repaint 
version bump 
update documentation to use sameorigindisabled 
groovy - 4496 
git staging on windows 
updated readme . md 
ensure we are killing any existing daemons before attempting to clean build directory 
zlapplication . getviewwidget is now overridable 
update readme 
description 
close ' beans ' tag in mvc namespace documentation 
make webhistoryitem constructor public and hidden 
on further thought , switch to back_key_closes_activity by default . 
updates link to the universal ctags project 
 ' 0 . 5 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
move to location that matches up with the issue database . 
add gremlin graduate image . 
fixes hashcode problem reported by lyubomir marinov . 
maven . test . skip added 
use ` debug ` instead of ` console . warn ` 
enforce causeparameterinexception of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
prepare code for the next iteration 
move to latest and greatest jdbi version 
add demo img 
 " tuple " 
ignoring generated version . json file 
remove unused import 
add note about coverity cleanup . 
fixed lpv toarray , patch from chouser 
increase specification version 
increase version 
update readme . md 
update to forge 12 . 18 . 1 . 2052 
update spongecommon . 
version bump google guava 13 . 0 . 1 
update jar 
fixed string size constraint example ( spr - 6517 ) 
make sure oscar is not running in embedded mode 
upgrade to jadconfig 0 . 10 . 0 - snapshot 
added latest groovy jar 
tring to print zeppelin server logs after failure 
running composer 
stop the build on the first test failure 
update readme . md 
disable tests to obtain a cache 
fixes jekyll ' s config to bind to localhost 
jdbc driver and hotspotintegergenerator ( sudiptodas ) 
added storm - 886 to changelog 
update todo comments 
lps - 61129 create inner exception class 
removed flowdock token for travis 
more doc lib images 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon for world unique id null fix 
fixed worldedit bukkit profile being inactive if the java8 - disable - doclint profile is active 
mention update of english rules 
pre - wrap caused annoying display problems 
update news 
new portlet css icon 
rc - 1 / 334 version bump 
update launcher web graphic 
version bump 
updated changelog 
updates to most recent zipkin - java - server release 
update readme . md 
renaming of adjustcolumnvalues 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc3 - snapshot ' . 
next development version 
fix output stream to not use the converter in the buffer , but do a simple hard coded conversion . 
use regular image on travis ci 
update spongecommon for pixelmon fix . 
added storm - 1138 to changelog 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon for few cause tracking fixes . 
update pattern - replace - charfilter . 
update file - system - api . 
use the correct package name for accessibleemailcontentactivity in androidmanifest . xml 
odd slf4j binding removed from gradle - core jar 
added logo 
updated library reference 
lps - 62718 add build . xml 
jetobjectdeclaration # getbody ( ) by stub 
trying out the new severity level stuff from lars . 
added space to the left of stream links 
updated changelog 
skip a test that does not apply to jruby . 
upgrade log4j to 1 . 2 . 17 . 
lps - 67049 ddl move unit test to module 
hmmh , fixed local = true but we need a better solution 
icons integrated - dsgn - 1688 icons for console and idea . log are identical 
fix for declaration resolve 
note that no http settings are dynamic 
point travis ci at the gradle build 
 " site " was removed as verify already do all 
prepare version 21 . 1 . 0 . 
method to check for empty r version 
b / 5309787 add new columns to hidden list of read only fields 
update changelog for storm - 447 
tweaked the version number 
remove impute . flow from index . list 
00 cst 2015 
added storm - 367 to changelog . 
changed maven repository to jcenter 
update changes , new version heading 
prohibiting transitive dependencies from being unpacked in one more place . 
added metadatasegmentmanagertest 
revert to 3 . 3 . 0 - snapshot for a few late - breaking bug fixes 
delete proguard . jar 
release notes 
added < include > * * / * . 
apk demo and apk demo - extras 0 . 6 . 0 
debian should use ~ 
enabled test of constructor signature there are unresolved superclasses ( py - 4419 ) 
fix for grails - 2561 
removed the blue outline from the whiteboard buttons that are selected . 
add in recent fml with fixes 
updated changelog 
added storm - 563 changelog . 
readding rakefile 
allow appending to the list by passing first argument 
updated pom 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 22 - snapshot ' . 
sync building . txt 
create readme . md 
editor 0 . 5 version bump 
reset touch listener when imageview gets reset . 
update build . gradle 
fixed redissonconcurrentmaptest 
lps - 38732 the cursor does not display a move hint when a user hovers over a freeform portlet draggable target 
back to 3 . 0 . 0 - snapshot until the next rc or the final release 
updates libgrowl4j to work when starting from source , as the dmg binary is different ( install_name_tool - change " @ executable_path / . 
remove a trailing newline 
fixes typos in swift tool build files 
don ' t complain about e . g . " an ms - dos " ( bug # 3537600 ) 
lps - 42770 - document library entry title does not wrap in descriptive view 
create readme . md 
corrected license identifying information . 
updated apk 
update forge to 11 . 14 . 3 . 1543 
fix a test using model report after making binary tasks visible in the model space . 
fixed bug that caused stats to refresh with every resume and fail to restore previous state 
better place for import os 
enable iiner class creation 
update reference to spongecommon . 
lps - 61346 automatically increased package version 
lps - 32252 legends in fieldsets shoult take 100 % of the width 
fix background color on add contact form 
fix linkingios event listening 
fix for grails - 332 
removed outdated logic from win installer - comparing build numbers to install over an old one in some cases . 
added rpm_install . png for rpm installation docs 
release api 1 . 0 . 1 , correcting website url . 
removed background color from settings row in drawer 
push version to 15 . 0 . 1 , 15003 . 
update readme . md 
switch back to release build ( debug symbols weren ' t helping due to - o2 ) 
fixed terminal output color setting ( idea - 118842 ) . 
remove unused import 
gradle plugin version updated 
listen on all ipv6 interfaces 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / mentions / . 
dic + = ' stylesheets ' 
document cassandra - 628 change ( prefer ipv4 ) 
testcase should be located test directory 
extend gradle logging to include stacktraces 
clear input field after conference pgp message 
prepare next release v1 . 0 . 1 - snapshot 
remove duplicate output_module_timeout config option . 
migrate to alias - based redirection for android_sdk . 
lps - 60590 add language . properties 
accidentally checked in a scratch file 
make the save password selected by default . 
update changes for 3485 
added tests for file system master 
make a variable final 
updated readme . md with 4 more languages that i would like to do these problems in 
re - enable product tests for postgresql and mysql connectors 
gif is added . 
move pluginscheckerwporg . java to the src / java dir 
add method that already existed on defaultexechandle that exposes the process state on the corresponding interface . 
um , this was overwriting all other plugins . 
updated ognl to 3 . 1 . 8 . 
add missing import . 
remove redundant call to createsdpoffer ( ) 
update release notes 
readme update 
 " you don ' t need to specify the jdk , " support said . 
started to author ` list ` configuration . 
distribution url fixed 
remove jacoco dependency from java plugin . 
started new demo . 
add new test classes to suite 
added storm - 1123 to changelog . 
travis script 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 50 
update news 
enable text conversion 
added back playinbackground property in js 
add travis - ci configuration . 
only build using oracle jdk 
update version of gradle plugin ( 1 . 0 . 0 ) 
renamed jar to not contain the version number . 
variables need a $ in scripts to retrieve the value . 
add compiler options to find unchecked / deprecated code 
robotiumtech / robotium # 818 variable is now at least volatile 
fixed ispackage ( ) check for module files 
update menu_ch . 
silence ` which growlnotify ` output 
changed dependencies back to snapshot versions after tagging 
add xxxhdpi drawables 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
ui . png 
when person details change update the ui 
updated changelog 
lps - 62799 fix nullpointer in test 
test a 1 
run travis ci jobs on ubuntu 14 . 04 trusty tahr 
readme 
working on multi chat and a jabber implementation 
lps - 36711 add missing @ override 
log exception messages on test failure . 
moved test to src / test folder where it should be 
lps - 67914 do not commit private . lar 
add a non - breaking rule to srx 
update spongecommon 
add niftygui javadoc 
removed spurious system . out . println ( ) 
upgrade from jruby 1 . 6 . 3 to 1 . 6 . 4 
missing test for kt - 451 incorrect character liternals assertion error 
remove redundant onpause from readerwebview when hiding view 
change method name color for api / component methods 
update readme . md 
travis build fix 
idea - cr - 10668 repaint to update status - text 
parent updated to 27 
document thread - safety fix 
fix path helper 
add high_level . 
removed println debug statement 
rename back 
specify text input type , re # 322 
fix copy / paste comment on yaml type 
enable compilation of new native honeycomb plugin . 
update version 
lps - 67383 add package . json 
fix comparison warning in ijar 
lps - 45177 - update ' initutil ' methods within ' basetestcase ' 
revert " upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 32 " 
reverted the jericho jar due to problems encountered 
compilation error in compiled code when column is called " null " 
add travis ci build fluff . 
unbreak navigationeventemitter - test 
added travis 
default eviction policy is lru 
add info about latest version 
restage jetty - 7 . 2 . 2 . 
tostring ( ) . 
always call handleexception rather than cb 
lps - 69501 block sf version 
update spongecommon 
set default irc logging level to info . 
loop ( ) noloop ( ) fixed so toggle animation is possible 
added both versions of jflex 
focus on search box after setting it visible . 
update support lib to 24 . 2 . 1 and tools to 24 . 0 . 2 
fix typo in packaging . yaml 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 13 
upgrade gradle - plugin 
yaml snitch checks for reconn in onchange 
add travis config file 
deleted unnecessary file used for testing 
update readme . md 
update druid console version ( # 3189 ) 
push version to 13 - beta4 , 11246 . 
groovy - 3965 
fixed misc problems caused by the renaming / move of bson classes . 
do not scan a file which cannot be read 
updated changes 
removing rouge file . 
changes . txt 
change of random seed for nn test to achieve the same behavior for java6 
enforce finalizeimplementationcheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
move / bin in . 
using short version 
create contributing . md 
wikipedia text extraction 
update readme . md 
disable cat . recovery / 10_basic . 
use okhttp 1 . 5 . 0 . 
add the mavencentral repository on the root level 
update graphics 
another wait_for_yellow to the docs 
export constants ( # 305 ) 
updated changelog 
enable adjustviewbounds on preference icon so that maxwidth is used 
rebindable assignment operator 
use oraclejdk8 on travis ci 
upgrade to units 1 . 0 
enabled support for small screens 
gh - 62 oracle nosql database client ( y - namiki ) 
the jsse support class contains only generic code that uses a standard ssl session , so it is normally possible to reuse it . 
squash changelog version 
update pca . md 
fix empty indexing queue crash 
don ' t install aws cli 
update spongecommon 
updated changelog 
updating gemfile . lock with 1 . 0 . 1 version of the oauth2_provider engine 
memleak in progress indicator 
update spongecommon 
update to latest snapshot version 
updated change branch image 
bump to version 1 . 2 . 1 
css bug 
lps - 39017 liferay . propsvalues js object contains an invalid value for the key ntlm_auth_enabled 
fix classpath of tooling - api integtests after moving wrapper task to buildsetup project 
remove redundant import when droidgap create is run 
add file local variables to build . xml 
update sunos - x86 / amd64 natives 
minor fix of the import 
disables unit tests for rolling upgrades , as there are only 
removed clean to save memory 
update readme . md 
changed kernel to depend on the latest version of parent central 
add readme . md file . 
pubdev - 2304 move gbm pojo test to nopass 
update android - apt version 
lps - 30749 missing language key 
clear presentations when cleanup 
test fixed 
lps - 58748 disable server side parallel rendering indefinitely due to the osgi servlet container thread safety issues 
bump up the version number . 
optimize png 
reset written when the buffer is reset 
added work directory , created while testing , to . 
added api_key . txt to assets as a structure example . 
update version to 1 . 2 . 5 
fix link to release notes in changelog 
use latest compilesdkversion / buildtoolsversion 
rename 
update doc submodule pointer to latest wiki 
started library of default blueprints 
new string for group chat progress dialog 
fix on demand import 
bintray - release plugin update 
update the www - updater key 
added support library to projec to aid getting started 
updated parent to v17 
moved videoplayer layout from layout - land to layout 
upgrade to guava r08 
update news 
 " mybatis " , " batis " 
prepare next release v0 . 87 . 2 - snapshot 
changed to plusplus init , but still get 
added tag 1 . 9 . 0 - rc1 for changeset 2cb15017027c 
update spongecommon for te botania fix . 
seq 
lps - 10220 breadcrumb should not be in the quick add portlet list 
update build . gradle 
forgot to add the module descriptor 
idea - 82242 scroll the tabs with mouse wheel 
lps - 43715 at this moment , the liferay registry is composed of two different modules , the api and the implementation 
delete @ optional in data . media . media class 
keep alive example text changed . 
update spongecommon 
see if travis has fixed the output issue yet . 
don ' t bring in language plugins 
updated rat excludes 
fix mac build issue 
updating assets & readme 
set to release version 
lps - 12825 updating alloy taglibs . 
preview 
rc - 1 version bump 
building in eclipse corrected a bug in default . properties 
just format a tiny stuff . 
add colin decker to guava authors . 
fix initial pull not displaying any text 
restored sailgraph ' s log4j config file . 
added missing spdy npn - boot . jar file to openfire lib / dist 
documented that http pipelining is not supported 
remove ' support ' from settings name . 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc4 ' . 
fix setfloatinglabel recursive call 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 8 
bump version for 0 . 9 . 0 release 
minor typo fix in the readme . md 
update spongecommon for exploit fixes . 
update readme 
add jar 
removed unnecessary return statement 
fix typo in section id 
made column name optional . 
upgrade version 0 . 1 . 5 
lps - 54076 use saxreader again since saxreaderutil doesn ' t have a read method 
fixed py - 3942 test runner doesn ' t seem to notice py . test tests have completed when using classes 
add missing gradle . properties into ticker library module 
took the ' pgm ' out of the log4j config path 
lps - 63730 update bnd 
update changelog 
reduce number of source files in large projects for compile avoidance performance tests for faster execution 
remove unneeded dependecy on core - tests to fix build 
added a private constuctor for ticket # tachyon - 1243 
fix build break in bazaar history parsing 
selectchannelendpoint prints to system . err 
lps - 60615 add language keys for the module 
update news 
drop unnecessary - dblaze_java_cpu definition . 
make setkeepgoing public since it ' s needed for some google projects that use the compiler . 
preview 2 
update to netty 3 . 9 . 0 
mention unframed mode removal in news 
this command might fail in leopard ( it ' s needed for snow - leopard ) so avoid existing if that happens 
added storm - 1401 to changelog 
fix quickfixtestgenerated $ expressions . testremoveuselesscast 
update readme . md 
update preloaded - classes for art do not merge 
update contributors 
removing @ override to fix the build 
update spongecommon for locale cache refactor 
fix broken code block in jdbc document 
bumped version from 0 . 3 - snapshot to 0 . 4 - snapshot 
update semantic versioning enforcer rule 
update hadoop - specify - conf . 
lps - 12667 missing language key ( organization - administration ) in localize file . 
pwd is reserved for shell present working directory 
add another version of samsung s4 to the device_name document 
replaced opensprinkler library in opensprinkler binding with one that is 
update spongecommon 
update gutter size after setting linenumberconvertor 
attach sources to velocity 
delete resolve . png 
update roadmap . md 
intermediate crypto release version . 
fixed changes version 
update documentation version . 
rename gradle plugin pom artifact 
fix issue with ios 9 - beta 
changed version to 0 . 1 , since the 1 . 0 was just the default version which maven generates for you . 
running of vm / fetch - binaries . 
access to map / reduce output collection java - 90 
update to gradle 1 . 8 
adding force - daemon enabled with documentation 
fix gradle spec in readme 
don ' t send opengui commands from the fakeplayer . 
add files via upload 
readme still not working . . . * scratches head * 
move space & comma macros from library . mk to common . mk so they can be used by files that only include common . mk . 
update spongecommon 
lps - 44552 web content title is double escaped in preview window 
update dockerfile 
address const issues in preparation for libcxx rebase . 
update readme . md 
update jar 
prepare version 20 - beta2 . 
update readme . md 
correct a comment 
remove sleep after deprecated warning 
gh - 30 illegalargumentexception with mongodb ( m1ch1 ) 
polished groovyconsole task 
manual merge of e4ccb864 from frameworks / base / tools to frameworks / tools 
set current version to 0 . 1 . 0 
attempt to fix oom when generating rt javadoc on build server . 
remove redundant bundled python - driver 
update version . sbt 
tweak doc 
increase timeout between nailgun calls to buckd 
prep for dev 
update github site plugin 
updated changelog 
update to 6 . 15 - snapshot 
don ' t return the first chunk twice when parsing an html file with unknown encoding . 
test configuration for tpc - h q3 , q9 was missing 
added patches for drlvm - vts - bundle for running vs on mac os x . 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 19 
lps - 51317 - util . js 
added actorregistry . hasglobalregistry 
lrqa - 16871 new version 
update readme . markdown 
increase timeout from 20 to 60 seconds . 
add storm - 1750 to changelog . md 
bump equalsverifier to 2 . 1 . 7 
lrqa - 15414 properties 
fixed value type of " private " in package . json 
set parameter ' failonerror ' of maven javadoc plugin to true , 
add codecov 
fix ` setdescription ` does not set the value correctly 
enforce nestedswitchcheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
update changelog 
structure of clusterdump ' s json output ( akm ) this closes # 5 
use ' final ' for the field initialized in constructor . 
version updated 
remove unused imports from webapps 
run tests in headless mode 
changed darwin flag default to false 
remove git submodule ( too inconvenient ) 
add buildnum . txt . 
updated ioutils version 
gradle - 616 problems resolving external dependencies when project dependencies are used 
update news 
fix commons - pool jar definition 
add screenshot for project composition 
add key to image components inside of moviecell . 
update changelog . 
adding " uniformly " 
fix gradle version 
back to 3 . 0 . 0 - snapshot until the next rc or the final release 
update delegate - authentication . 
added connecting status 
update readme . md 
the release build doesn ' t run the tests 
sdkmanager 
npe on ' build artifacts ' if no projects are open 
prepare version 25 . 0 . 1 . 
show logo in readme 
test_junit . py needed h2o . tmp_dir ( ) 
updated release version 
readme 
nifty gui dynamic resolution changing is now supported 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 54999 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 12 - snapshot ' . 
return the record state locked 
add todo 
marking this a release candidate . 
patched asm 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 16 - snapshot ' . 
version bump 0 . 9 . 0 - wip5 
todo 
add travis build status 
added the shutdown command to the service provider 
move the renaming of shadded sources jar to integration - test phase ( before signing , looking for another solution ) . 
add " nmtoken " ( xsd ) 
select the first post after refreshing if using the two pane view . 
update readme . md 
update core module 
release 0 . 3 . 2 
update sqlcipher to 3 . 3 . 0 
updated fml 
update version to 0 . 97 
prepared for next iteration 
move tabs to left 
update spongecommon for block tick fix and timings improvement . 
call eglreleasethread in threadloop 
upgrade to anonymous usage statistics 1 . 0 . 5 
let gradle out of travis for the moment - needs additional review 
update contentprovidergenerators . md 
exclude rxjava . properties in android library 
made the build messages from the manual less verbose . 
set version for re - release 
two new cluster overview graphics for design . md 
lps - 68289 turn on auto close for modules - unit 
ensure all clock fonts match 
java . lang . nullpointerexception at . . . 
no more " import config " 
minor test refactoring 
app_image added 
unused import . 
update abstractpartitionalgorithm . java 
add travis ci 
invalidating a te should not cause the pipe to drop 
delete changelist shelved during update after unshelve ( idea - 60949 ) 
fix build problem with thrift . 
change group from uk . co . real_logic . agrona to org . agrona . 
snapshot 
change from llvm c + + lib to stlport for better support 
upgrade mysql connector / j from 5 . 1 . 26 to 5 . 1 . 27 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 88 
lps - 56890 move icon 
tostring ( ) 
update readme . md 
overlay for osx dependencies 
version bump to 1 . 11 . 0 - beta . 2 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 63 
use maven - jar - plugin 2 . 3 . 1 
updated ant jar 
update changelog 
added license header 
jsoup upgrade 
indicate update of dictionary in changes . txt 
dispose project message bus in lite tests 
put known failure last 
update ' modules / apps / forms - and - workflow / polls / . 
fixing typo in indent_style 
bump spongecommon ref . 
throw assert 
update logo 
add linear easing to animationutils 
disabling predexing for wear examples during travis builds . 
remove dummy . 
clear deferrelaunchuntilpaused flag after activity relaunch is performed 
gzipped 
vertex centric index graphic . 
remove service file which is not necessary after adding the correct dependency 
fix frameworksservicestests . apk to include libc + + . 
new branch 2 . 6 - nook 
apparently i forgot to update the cofh api version all this time . 
default to / tmp if tmpdir is not set 
proper select next after cell run action 
update sugarcontext . java 
corrected cmd echoing in windows script . 
gh - 35 cassandra0 . 8 support ( joaquincasares ) 
upgrade to spring ldap 1 . 2 final . 
use interim getglue - java 1 . 1 . 1 release which disables encryption . 
lps - 63379 rename 
display code in medium size , extra small is almost unreadable ( at least in mozilla ) 
add wavetable symbol to w3c_audio . 
hint autopopup by default 
remove chronometer logspew . 
remove releasesdk task 
fixed a naming issue 
remove signature from org . eclipse . jdt . core . jar 
use default uid / pid 
update styles . css 
updated todo 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / document - library / . 
lps - 55156 remove this to match build . xml in ant , andrea , please review . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 128 - snapshot ' . 
updated gradle plugin . 
change default request connection timeout to 3 secs 
releaseinfo 
update readme . md 
changelog entry for commit 99854814bd4dc7bc529526992dfdb42ef01750aa 
updated changelog 
show travis build status on readme . md 
make mlt rest tests pass on a single node cluster 
removed margin from ' add button ' . 
update readme . md 
add stacktrace for travis option . 
upgrade to hdrhistogram 2 . 1 . 4 
tachyon - 1697 change localfilesystemcluster to final class 
update maven support lib version for klp mr1 . 
add hadoop - 9417 to changes . txt 
website is not a groovy project 
update screenshots 
lps - 50854 basic build file for the whole application 
fix test name inacuraccy . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 15 - snapshot 
fix buffer handling 
update readme . md 
portal - settings - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
add - lpam when linking pam_google_authenticator module to fix undefined symbol problem 
show example of package exclusion with leakcanary 
back to 3 . 0 . 0 - snapshot version 
changes . txt for cassandra - 880 
userelativeimageuris 
sql driver info updated 
use android 4 . 2 sdk consitently ; don ' t target it for apps though 
build config fix 
added storm - 1574 to changelog 
tweak spec about scala - library initialization . 
open source progressbarandroid , remove example from the rn launcher 
missing acceptanycertificate propagation 
upgrade snapshot version to 0 . 4 . 1 - snapshot 
remove web 
fixes ' invalid access to memory location ' in globalshortcut . dll . 
removed extraneous android support jar 
another try to use travis ( a year ago i gave up due to memory issues ) 
add new dark attachment icon for dark theme 
updated ehcache dependency to 1 . 1 
fix preloaded classes for the emulator . 
improve replication performance and memory usage . 
update to joda - time 2 . 9 . 6 
lps - 26209 remove the row id when closing the row 
upgrade to checkstyle 6 . 18 . 
remove unnecessary redefinition of window . chrome namespace 
fix actuator sample ' s health test 
point saved_caches in testing conf to build / test instead of / var / lib 
add 1 . 10 . 4 to changelog 
update readme . md 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
shift - backspace works as backspace also in mac os x 10 . 5 + keymap 
use the release version rather than the snapshot version when tagging 
add storm - 1000 to changelog . md 
added extension to the list of modules to build 
delete device - 2016 - 04 - 23 - 205955 . 
fixing maven typo in readme 
made a change to the waitforidle ( ) method . 
fix clear for fieldlookup values 
return the correct format for instruction35s 
boy . g3d is now the keyframed model of the boy . 
code externalization 
update changelog 
use darcula aware color in ide border factory ( instead of deprecated method from ui util ) 
don ' t log to devnull , use nohup standard # no_issue 
update spongecommon for more tracking fixes . 
change to lucene 4 . 0 dependency 
fix a comment to fix the build . 
added the growl framework 
add missing image to the rest api overview . 
changed travis cfg 
put / out / back 
gradle version updated ( 1 . 1 . 0 ) 
lps - 40803 set clear both to box 
gradle plugin version updated 
fix for assisted inject bug introduced in r1120 . 
delete readme file 
npe if closed method called twice 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 2 . 5 
update readme . asciidoc 
added implicit key treap to list 
prepare version 29 . 0 . 2 . 
finally fix wrong color of topbar . 
proper glyphicon size 
update readme . md 
update location and support modules 
lps - 61767 fix sample to run with a locally published plugin 
add redirect for download . html 
readme for androidtest folder . 
make webview visible by default 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 5 . 
fix a checkstyle violation 
upgrading tests to selenium 2 . 25 . 0 
update apps . md 
add adoc back into rat excludes until we can feed in that license 
update apk 
thanks for benn mapes for making this process easy . 
raise version 
forgot to add default resources folder to the classpath too 
travis 
update build . gradle 
python3ify generate_rest_api_docs . 
invalidate js executor when loading fails 
update readme . md 
gh - 66 update nosql readme 
set for dev 
fixed a bug in switching to freeswitch 
ricard marxer 
remove @ nullable from predexmerge . getsecondarydexdirectories 
recompiles linux ' s libglobalshorcut library with older libstdc + + . 
revert " don ' t recycle native bitmap after the finalizer is called . " 
update uploadopenstreetmappointasynctask . java 
eclipse plugin icon update 
package . html for annotations ( ideadev - 12150 ) 
same fix as for the apr processor , although wouldn ' t this flag be set on the " recycle " method 
fix crash when nesting picture recording . 
convert to as . date ( ) for time series plot 
added gremlivich logo . 
lps - 27841 source formatting 
build script fix 
improve stability of rctallocationtests 
remove gradle wrapper 
fixed type in centos script 
updated readme to reflect license change . 
update ace 
added example screen . 
lps - 63112 task cache 
updating all components to use version 3 of the parent pom . 
add standalone otp script 
next development version 
update readme . md 
cleanup previous commit ( setting file was wrongly comitted ) 
fixed the busy sound as it was rendering quite poorly with portaudio 
should use uigraphicsendimagecontext rather than uigraphicsgetcurrentcontext 
update android . mk 
update to the latest android - iconics - core with the improved iconicsbutton 
updating readme href . 
x convert color - > int 
update knownissues . md 
export maven_opts in before_script 
specify encoding 
travis ci branch whitelisting 
fix crash bug when click capture button after set a filter 
actually return identifiers so method actually works . 
snapshot 
change to zipalignenabled 
ignoring proguard errors from xstream 
lps - 68920 let ' s return a different list to prevent adding elements to the real routes 
lps - 15856 syntax error 
reinstate development time optimisation when building the site . 
redissoncodec removed 
lrqa - 27338 if no extra app is found use plugins instead 
version 0 . 9 . 12 . 
update readme . md 
use views - json 1 . 0 . 1 
output build details 
update license . txt 
cb - 11726 - update appveyor node versions to 4 and 6 , so they will always use the latest versions 
update readme . md 
travis config file updated 
update spongecommon for mixin 0 . 6 . 6 update . 
fix for broken unit test 
microba source code 
clarified the need to run ant eclipse in readme . 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc8 - snapshot ' . 
change type of permission listener field to multiplepermissionslistener instead of the decorator subclass that is later instantiated on this field 
navbar z - index fix 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 37 
updating version . txt top section 
build with gradle 1 . 11 , as the ' idea ' plugin in 1 . 12 - rc - 1 does not produce usable idea metadata files . 
removed any remains of list appearance 
lps - 57487 opens _manageservicetrackermap 
update changelog 
lrqa - 21995 define default panelid when interacting with user bar 
use a container and caches 
setting version to 1 . 3 . 0 
updated binary files 
remove android - support - v4 from artbook . 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - alpha1 - snapshot 
update the changelog 
update readme . md 
convert one more bind ( ) - > setvar ( ) . 
update news 
increase netty max retries defaults allowing more time for other workers to come up 
fixing junit dep scope to test 
updates warning icon . 
maxpermsize to avoid permgen space problem . 
added twitter storehaus client 
unbreaks travisci openjdk6 hostname too long crash 
update readme . md 
bump to jdbi 2 . 29 . 
removed a system . out 
upgrade cxf 
set minsdkversion + targetsdkversion via build . gradle 
update sample dependency version 
update changelog . md 
updated the readme 
make brokerhosts serializable 
update capture gif 
dead import 
tests of map lock key then map clear 
load symbol map when priming the cache 
polish snasphot - > snapshot 
fixed pom dep 
add tostring ( ) to golighttype 
fixed link to libandroid . so . 
build . txt updated 
adds icon for gtalk " in a meeting " status . 
bump version 
set to null on dispose . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 121 
update readme . md 
make robots try to recharge at a bit less than max 
increased version to 1 . 0 
added missing jettyversion variable to build . gradle . 
removed original request from the json representation of responsedefinition 
updated intellij version 
new executable put instead of missing httpd . exe 
incubating . 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / xsl - content / . 
dsm - maven - plugin has been updated 
revert making method public for hackathon 
 ( nojira ) more edits to find travis working directory ( it ' s different from that given in instructions ) 
adding newline , my awk gives a syntax error without it 
add getcontextpath . 
changes 
update readme . md 
forgot to credit jwicks on last change 
petra - xml 1 . 0 . 2 packageinfo 
update next doc path 
rc - 1 / 159 version bump 
missing icon files . 
added tugdual grall as contributor for his work on groovymbean 
with this change , k - 9 does a better job of loading embedded images by default for me . 
upgrade the livetribe - jsr223 version 
upgrade to sbt - pgp 0 . 8 . 1 release . 
add small zoom sample animated gif 
add minsdkversion to dslv lib to avoid read phone state permission . 
create contributors . md 
prepare for next development iteration 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 42 . 
fixed broken maven build after module renaming 
add id to jmslistenerendpoint docs 
update application . mk 
supportsrtl = " true " 
hmm , maybe we should keep debug in 
removing console . log 
version 1 . 2 . 0 . 
added travis ci build status to readme 
added gitter badge 
setup_py ' s with_binaries method is useful , so help doc builder detect it 
changes support library reference to v21 . 0 . 3 . 
do not publish modules 
win should be this . win 
 ' 0 . 2 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
add changes entry for kill all 
lps - 43745 - the remove page button is cutoff in a minimized interface 
snapshot 
update readme . md for fixing ignite flag 
update readme . md 
added " neo technology " to the copyright remark 
tweaks to pull scripts 
incremented version 
update readme . md with travis label 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / server / . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 70 - snapshot 
lps - 69244 rename icon file 
lps - 50236 remove insecure des algorithm 
don ' t parallelize the gradle tests . 
gif commit 
added missing method to geometry3d 
update preview 
fix for broken docs 
use build tools 19 . 0 . 3 . 
changed version to 3 . 0 . 0 - beta1 
update infoitemholder . java 
added stomr - 1479 to changelog 
update jar from jcraft 
upgrade to netty - build - 19 
minecraftforge / fml @ 3231db9376766d619f942b6a526718daa3c68038 sorta revert 908491d5e7ac26becdac938f38cc90d6b9d73ce1 but merge assets into the map , rather than force overwriting . 
update readme 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
added license header 
added extension to the list of modules to build 
fix version range for restict - doclint . 
added mcumings to contributor 
readme tweak 
load test . orderentry from class classloader . 
added new caps 
complete gif uploaded 
add bbb - html5 - client to labs 
updating all components to use version 3 of the parent pom . 
use the recommended maven - release - plugin version 
udpate readme 
gradle update 
the use_iife option for extractprototypememberdeclarations is underused 
adde requirements to a readme . . . 
updated changelog 
 ' 0 . 7 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
updated gbm weights runit test to nopass 
upgrade to parent pom version 30 
adds native globalshortcut libs for linux and windows . 
upgrading the guava version 
build 0 . 14 - stable on travis " 
ignoring ide - specific settings . 
lps - 35333 fix css 
lep - 5922 neutral color for negative ratings 
move build to plugin 2 . 2 . 0 - alpha1 
add parameter to monkey runner to support multiple devices test runs . 
add michael to pairs 
update readme . md 
updating version . txt 
update news 
fixed manifest 
lps - 51081 fix 832180df3ab678369760788c7fb85e6c0e022506 by explicitly telling gradle to call the jar " gradle - resources - http - * " 
update changes 
fix critical when using binary expression in a generics context 
update jdk 
bump to metrics 2 . 0 . 0 - beta18 . 
deprecated com . mongodb . mongoserverselectionexception class 
fix build warning due to websettings now being abstract 
reset suggestion counter on parsing a new log 
added sample unsigned apk for sideloading 
move ipython notebook demo to nopass . 
ensure utf8 encoding of javadoc 
a few more code simplifications 
lower fj threads priority 
added assert message . 
update travis config 
added multichat operation set definition and gibberish protocol implementation . 
remove skipfordummyproject - it wasn ' t used 
added dbpedia logo to the documentation . 
add require of clojure . set to test_clojure / rt . clj 
fix for failing test case 
update readme . md 
as7 - 2310 rename jboss - admin . 
list correct command for clearing history 
use our public es fork now 
smaller flowlayoutchips . png 
now , actually enable integration tests in travis / codecov 
fixed bug where spinner was blank upon first launch into media gallery . 
remove net_bt_stack group and replace it with bluetooth 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 242 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
remove coveralls settings , can ' t make it work easily 
reinstate missing grails - plugin - validation build . gradle 
upgraded to bsh 2 . 0b5 
update changes 
show dpi value instead of ' unknown ' 
only show scrollbars in action menu on overflow 
initialize visible to false to reflect the real visibility state 
updated json2view logo 
don ' t set height to avoid clipping textinput for xhrexample on android 
add example image 
now that we have a dutch translation , actually show it in the list 
depend on release version of truth . 
fixed malformed configuration for max ! cube 
fix pom . xml 
squash last library commits into one 
delete version file ( superseded by package . json ) 
netty updated to 4 . 0 . 7 
fix nre on getimmediatemutabledrawable . 
lps - 54165 your changes reminded me of a bug that the sn migration team added 
readme updated , textureview modification 
travis build 
cleanup resources on shutdown 
and updating httpmime 
don ' t delete . 
update readme 
upgrade to bytebuddy 1 . 4 . 23 . 
upgrade from guava 16 to 18 
correct permalink 
upgrading to latest testng jar 
remove unused file 
travis 
impossible to access a sub - sub - page as guest 
update copyright date , use - present 
use setlocal in cassandra . bat 
update location module 
lps - 39133 move test to portal - impl 
add " dist " dir and " * . 
travis build fix 
start 1 . 4 . 2 version . 
bumped up version number to 1 . 1 . 1 
updated changelog 
fix compilation error in unit test 
make accordion work when a name has spaces 
fixing junit dep scope to test 
fix config option loading for titanfactory builder 
added pattern category to adapter pattern 
avoid npe in gridsearch . 
set autojoin = true in config . xml to auto join the voice conference 
readme . markdown update 
rename runit for gbm offset for gaussian . 
fast_finish 
update readme . md 
added * ~ ( for vim backup files ) and * sw ? 
prep for release 
increase the prefetcher ' s low water mark so it restarts fetching data earlier . 
update spongecommon for ' changeblockevent . pre ' interact fix . 
fix emoji vertical align in sidebar 
reenabled deployment of assembly artifacts to fix build for largetests 
a bogus test commit for adam 
new play store badge 
allow no tests in default surefire execution 
make hound complain about javascript now . 
edited readme . markdown via github 
update searchadapter . java 
more on greenify some plugin . xmls 
lps - 39691 structure , template , and data definition editor iframes don ' t alert or direct the user to a void name field upon clicking save 
junit scope on parent pom 
move test file 
remove epsilon param 
updates localhost retriever binaries , compiled with older sdk to be compatible with windows xp . 
testing automatic updates to devbuild . bigbluebutton . org 
added storm - 789 to changelog 
upgrade to latest nebuladotnetflixoss version 
changed dependencies to milestone versions in preparation of tagging 
made not cloneable for the moment 
adding javautillog info to version . txt 
don ' t queue auto - snapshots when auto - snapshots are disabled 
version in info . plist 
lps - 58804 rename to add_button 
gradle build tools version 1 . 0 . 1 
move properties file 
add empty relativepath 
travis doesn ' t like variables in parent version numbers , it seems 
fix a race condition in viewdraghelper 
fix typo in scala shell doc 
improve rules 
found the corresponding unity class 
zaproxy - test # 430 
lps - 54114 add org . springframework . mock . web export in portal - test 
update readme . md 
issue when running mahout recommender demo 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 8 . 5 
removing unused import 
add url to download jta from 
remove whitespace from activesession 
update current version 
update build number to beta5 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 50273 
added invocation of script to wait for the emulator 
added folder for the visualization project . 
add test metadata collection 
update readme . md 
version 1 . 1 . 0 . 
bump required packrat version 
lps - 67352 add check ' multiplevariabledeclarations ' 
removed dependency with gremlin 1 . 2 - snapshot and used gremlin 1 . 2 . 
make header and data separators always match 
fix more false alarms , add yet another rule 
update readme . md 
ruby - 8553 more platform - like screenshots 
add a line 
bump up build number 
ndk version in travis config updated 
adds changelog file 
update travis config 
add mdpi images for overscroll edgeglow . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 43 
build layoutlib tests with java 6 
fix trigger dependency build 
android now has its own egl extension block ( yay ) 0x3140 - 0x314f . 
getthreadgroup is expected to return null when the thread is terminated . 
update library reference after changes in cr 
 " touch " for a new commit to get a pr build under travis 
add transition screenshots 
add pyanttasks jar for hadoop 6426 . 
adds the hamcrest jar to internal build . 
lps - 69139 update to latest gradle - plugins 
update readme . md 
pull joda - convert from maven central 
adding missing acra 
gh - 32 added a db plugin for infinispan ( maniksurtani ) 
c + + ' typename ' keyword is now in jetbrains . dic 
mediaeditor shouldn ' t depend on audioflinger . 
added example screenshot 
added latest jar file 
sample version bump 
add include for for_each 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 14 - snapshot 
lps - 36451 moving the file info box a bit right , to line it up with the other fieldsets ' content 
updated changes 
try to fix travis 
adds static final type_cancel 
revert " lps - 55079 set min - height for pre in editor style . " 
fixed expandometaclass inheritance and allowed changes to any class used object . metaclass syntax 
more test logging . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 18 
update jar 
fixes for bookmarks sample app 
header = 1 
switched parent pom of poja 
removed unused text_select_handle asset 
prepare next release v1 . 1 . 2 - snapshot 
set for development 
fixed compile error caused by final keyword 
update travis to notify irc on every build 
update spongecommon 
add dirname so that otp can be run from any path . 
cucumber , code cleanup 
delete demo2 . gif 
missing language key 
enabling netty4 module , as all tests are green ! ! ! 
donot reset menable flag when binding timeout . 
shell script to run all test cases at once 
update parent pom 
thumbnail 
sonar - 3893 ajusted css for symbols highlighting 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 4 . 7 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 18841 set mountpoint to false in previous folders 
updates zrtp4j to use securerandom in order to use / dev / urandom on linux . 
use normal gradle instead of the wrapper to bypass build errors when the gradle download server is down 
make sure bluetoothsocket # connect throws on error . 
lps - 62548 add default variable for description 
bump to 1 . 3 . 2 - snapshot 
update to play services 6 . 5 
upgrade to jdbi 2 . 31 . 1 . 
lps - 48650 rename it only 
added storm - 1528 ot changelog 
use most recent gradle 2 . 3 snapshot build 
clean up lockfiles in tests 
use 2 . 0 - rc1 in readme 
update doc submodule pointer to latest wiki 
center align text on android 
bump gradle version to 0 . 1 . 21 
 - update rsyntaxtextarea library 
travis . yml update 
fix up the makefiles and some samples . 
note about the removal 
added a shutdown method 
assert 
changed app package for google play 
update readme . md 
clipboard empty selection changes 
update maven - gpg - plugin to 1 . 6 , issue # 644 
real password put to comments for users defined for testing purposes 
lps - 46229 divide message boards ' configuration properties into service and portlet sections . 
add equinoxconsole to the folders packaged in the bundle 
 ( no message ) 
core - 1126 checksum is os - dependent 
run the tests on oraclejdk7 and openjdk6 + 7 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 500 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
change all dirs in / usr / share / red5 / webapps to be writable when setting dev env 
minecraftforge / fml @ db219fb287b14fea5148ecdbf07d8ff08704c66a api is now able to " provide " and " own " itself . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 112 - snapshot 
updated version number to 1 . 01 
just do 10 trees ( didn ' t complete in 15 min with 100 trees ) 
fix small typo in codecov . yml 
to english dic 
update readme . md 
fix oob forces portrait view 
add twitter to the places where releases are announced 
give runit_histograms more time . 
add missing files 
update readme . md 
null restart strategy field in executiongraph when archiving 
manifest . mf 
update readme . md 
fixed test libs 
regen modules / core / portal - bootstrap / system . packages . extra . mf 
include test . txt in guava to fix classpathtest . 
added pubdev - 1643 
add apk 
fix version of maven plugin 
lps - 52180 carousel must display within the boundary of the portlet . 
removed close ( ) override that did nothing and did not call super . close ( ) 
set release version to 3 . 1 . 0 . 
getpreferredfocusedcomponent ( ) 
travis now lists system info with each build , so don ' t run lsb_release any more . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 136 - snapshot ' . 
update readme . md 
lep - 5994 
change gradle version to 1 . 11 after oss build upgrade . 
lps - 58120 - should have been added as main . scss 
added storm - 1529 ot changelog 
skip call log entries 
use the write listener to decide between a blocking and a non blocking flush on close . 
setting build group and version 
added missing switch case 
lps - 61860 move to module 
added suggested travis configuration 
added a few ideas about + / - buttons 
adding batch file for windows users 
 / / github . com / osmandapp / osmand / issues / 1267 
storm - 1152 . 
sonar - 2447 fix comment on migration script 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc5 ' . 
removing todo 
use the passed param for ' rand_shuffle ' when writing flatfile ( i had left it harwired to true . 
removed system out . 
missing curly brace in ip_range aggregation example 
exclude soak tests from java9 integtests as well 
adding codecov support to travis 
lps - 56015 we only want the regular parameters , see getparametervalues and other methods in the class . 
edited android / childbrowser / childbrowser . 
updating version . txt top section 
update support module 
lrqa - 23801 update poshi runner version 
new icons 
update release plugin version 
add todo 
wiki 
corrected difficulty for visitor # 213 
remove pages submodule to make ci build easier . 
use android 4 . 1 for compilation . 
testing travis - ci 
update readme . md 
mahout - 1176 introduce a changelog file to raise contributors attribution 
update changes 
fix whitespace for querydsl - scala 
add todo about broken check 
replaces logula dependency with log wrapper trait . 
let the user know why errorreportvalveclass was not loaded . 
just fixing an internal test name , but i noticed this got an npe when i was running . 
make minute standard histogram interval . 
update spongecommon 
upgraded jackson to 1 . 7 . 4 as well 
not only keep public classes , but all of them 
removed requestlayout call since it ' s run via dynamicheighttextview 
upgrade to assertj 3 . 4 . 0 
update build . gradle 
removed test for client - side default type in ` exists ` api 
add / bin - test - lib to . 
added storm - 641 to changelog . 
lps - 49193 remove unmanaged language file 
use _grailsinit instead of init script 
lps - 43715 all the gradle based project could resolve depedencies against the maven central repository 
update to gradle 3 . 0 
lps - 59311 boolean can only be a boolean 
to jb dic 
aggregate botsshared 
allow a longer timeout for layout tests , see if it stabilizes pass / fail numbers 
getcurrentcompletion ( ) is so nullable that everyone should know about it 
update readme . md 
document how the test originated . 
reset zoom button is now hidden when the " load graph " button is pressed . 
add jsr - 310 note 
notificationlite . errorsentinel . tostring 
remove failed test to troubleshoot 
add changes for regex improvements 
updated readme . md file to ver 0 . 0 . 2 
disable sudo for travis , auto uses new container - based builders . 
prepare release checkstyle - 7 . 3 
lep - 4510 - themes should contain styling for commonly used elements 
bumped minsdkversion 
logout 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 25 - snapshot ' . 
minor readme stuff 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 31 - snapshot ' . 
fix broken kl file . 
configured functional tests to run with forked jvm per - test , possibly hiding a memory leak problem with tests 
adding test data to data / files to enable pre - commit tests to run . 
mahout - 1482 rework quickstart website 
removed misplaced test file 
disable usage of wal in databasehelper 
change jetty - util to test 
update readme . md 
fixed conditional resources conflict 
add screenshot 
add a record to copyright waivers 
update readme . md 
no auto selection for added content in tabbed pane content ui 
include our copyright statement in license . txt 
art for genymotion test gif 
fix mistaken commit in website makefile ( # 701 ) 
revert testng 
adding tools component 
release notes 
add support lib to gradle build using local maven repo 
hive - build . 
fix missing word in upgrade docs . 
updated freemarker to 2 . 3 . 19 for eclipse 
updated changelog 
remove mms last sync date 
add the notice from apache storm since we use some of it ( # 1041 ) 
update corrrect version of killbill - payment - test after changes for supporting notification plugins 
use layoutmanager rather than its super . 
lep - 3845 
added attribution for snakeyaml ( al required ) 
specify - - conservative to avoid installing the latest bundler many times . 
fix the type annotation for the chrome . loadtimes function . 
update mixin submodule to fix numerous java 8 javadoc errors . 
fix subscribe address 
add missing break in switch 
rename currents to rapids 
inced version 
crawl json content instead of html 
try forcing jcenter on build dependencies 
update coveralls plugin to 3 . 2 . 0 
move to folder android / support / v4 / view to match declared package 
screenshot ui automator in sonar . 
add ac_prog_mkdir_p for compatibility with automake < = 1 . 9 . 6 . 
restored @ since javadoc tag of convertible 
move postgresql ddl to correct location 
fix crowdin again . 
screen image 
added example images of thumbnails 
fix check goagent appids 
omit jna + awt load test on headless systems 
added git to project settings 
update readme . md 
updated to graph of the gods . 
set local_min_sdk_version to 7 
fix field_type_null value to match android java mapping 
update open source env 
deserialization 
bump tests to android - 22 
update 02 - quick - start . 
added symbols . macosx . 
allow startup script to work using / bin / sh 
set release version 
update readme 
update tiered - storage - on - tachyon . 
fix for # 414 npe with atmosphereresource . getsession ( ) 
updated changelog 
sources for groovy 2 . 2 . 1 
lps - 63169 add flags taglib freemarker contributor mapping 
update changelog . md 
dereference symlinks when checking file types 
moved diagram to spideroak 
add new screencapture . dll for windows 32 - bit . 
remove overdue . xml config from default killbill start script 
minor edit to test new release branch 
update to latest build tools 
ensure that the keepalive of niosender works correctly when keepalivecount / keepalivetime is set to a value greater than 0 . 
link readme to changelog wiki page 
import cleanup 
support library and annotations updated 
unnecessary unresolved_reference removed 
removed kframework - sw from submodules , it ' s included in holoeveryhwere 
rename contributing . md to contributing . md 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc13 ' . 
pom changes enabling , you to see the test coverage in individual test , you are making 
cleaned pom 
add pes plugin to the plugin page 
move the api annotations into an . 
junit 4 naming conventions ( idea - 147083 ) 
you ' re * 
update to tika 1 . 10 
use flush instead of cluster health to avoid writing a separate test 
assign success variable a value 
added storm - 1220 to changelog . 
enabling reshowing a dismissed snackbar . 
turn new git log on by default 
lps - 66715 update packageinfo 
update library reference 
remove opt_header_dirs which is obsolete . 
using cfsa2 encoding to make distribution smaller 
lrqa - 10616 specify valid property options for mobile tests 
fixes maven issues with xx . x . 
depend on agrona 0 . 5 . 2 snapshot . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / contacts / . 
updated changelog 
make conversion to sequence files map - reduce 
update build . gradle 
javadocs are in utf8 . 
added eclipse plugin 
increase version to 1 . 1 . 0 prepare for release . 
coverage - agent . jar and coverage - src . zip updated after merge 
update to 1 . 4 . 2 - snapshot 
 ' 0 . 4 . 37 - snapshot ' . 
remove catalina import from spec classes 
create readme . md 
updated version to correct maven style 
fix the number of threads so the test is deterministic on different hardware . 
keytool - genkeypair - alias localhost - keystore test - keystore . 
bump up to api level 23 
use same buildtoolsversion 
added sphinx to requirements . txt 
build logtags for services 
important , to keep the life cicle of fragments , super ( ) must be called in @ onsaveinstacestate , at the holder activity 
clean old timning framework jar 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 21 
clean import . 
don ' t make ratpack - groovy depend on ratpack - session . 
snapshot 
update version name to 1 . 3 and version code to 8 . 
change default disruptor queue timeout to 1000ms 
added high res launcher icons for xhdpi and xxhdpi . 
add cpptasks to antlibs 
release version 1 . 1 . 5 . 
add dist alias to distribution cause i ' m lazy ( and can ' t spell ) 
delete demo . apk 
add fboptions 
update maven shade plugin to 2 . 4 . 2 
removed unused import 
updated changelog 
fixed a layout issue with the empty view in list comments 
remove unused test . css from spring - boot - sample - tomcat 
update to 6 . 16 . 1 - snapshot 
target api 17 
hope this fix the problem on github page 
adding @ edent to contributors 
remove feature / ppa from travis build file 
confirmed to be a static number 
join process should start if current - time is equal to or greater than expected - join - time 
minor test rename 
generatemembershandlerbase . dogenerate 
added fixme item 
oops , need to hide the new api . 
maven - release - plugin updated 
update readme . md 
remove one more opencore include path 
added storm - 501 to changelog 
fix using java 8 method in limitquerybuilder 
added check for invalid scope 
ignoring freemarkerrenderertest for now . 
fixed error in arraylist . isempty which was causing multiparticlesystems to break 
upgrade to joda time 2 . 3 . 
lps - 19695 aui select taglib - namespace prefix removed from id attribute 
fix gtk + background in jbtable 
add " notice " to android . packagingoptions . exclude 
rename cassandra ci profile 
lps - 64887 - delete unneeded z - index 
don ' t add skipped test twice 
remove develop . rst reference from the readme 
add xxxhdpi app icon 
add todo reminder to add support for unknown opcodes 
duplicate statement in asynctwittertest . java 
check file exists before getting text 
lps - 54271 no need for packageinfo 
fix test 
compatible with gradle 2 . 3 
modify run - benchmark . 
update spongecommon for additional lighting checks . 
add adapter for 1 . 10 . 
lps - 51081 commit patched version of gradle 
update spongecommon ref . 
add android jar to classpath 
update key - creation . 
pom version crap 
 - method scanning ( revert previous reservation of plug - in id 40024 ) 
update roadmap . md 
fix integertype import for spark sql 
file contained a bad magic bit at the start of the file , causing validation errors on my box 
upgrade os - maven - plugin to fix the build issue 
update sane to get a new version of fb - watchman ( perf ) 
update readme . md 
java 7 < > 
fix search for non - default application id 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
target android 17 
added language tag to apk artifacthandler 
go plugin was added for the validation 
added osgi instruction to jodd - core 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
disable sonar - start module 
revert " revert " still need a res dir to prevent eclipse from freaking out " 
added missing bracket in js editor 
add missing task dependency to kotlin example 
update spongecommon for inventory fixes . 
configuration not needed any more . 
updates junit version to v4 . 12 
add the planned release date 
update to latest android - iconics core 
let email alert callback follow naming convention of http alarm callback for consistency 
added jungle tree to treetype enum - this fixes bukkit - 886 
0 of 1602 strings translated ( 0 fuzzy ) . 
update stickygridheaders to 1 . 0 . 1 . 
 ( nojira ) edit travis working directory ( from that given in instructions ) 
adjusted the logout icon for better fit in button 
updated to a new snapshot 
minor fix in assert < - > if + throw intention description 
use python2 . 7 ( # 570 ) 
update readme . md 
next development version 
move indexedvalue to kotlin . collections . 
java 8 
instructions on how to update an existing openshift installation 
sync ace submodule to ajaxorg / master 
added screen shot for new java resources wiki page . 
simple favicon . ico 
add headers for redhat chkconfig 
add config for components 
fixed error in example config . yml . 
add @ override annotation 
lps - 48288 set resourcepermissionmap to _resourcepermissions 
web - 19812 better warning when a deployment configuration corresponding to a remote interpreter is removed 
change group id 
update async . jar 
lrqa - 13776 add additional testray property 
rowindexentry . serializer . skip is a static method , call it as such 
added real world example 
changed module path 
restored ic_dialog_menu_generic asset . 
mahout - 1182 added line to changelog 
tachyon - 759 one minor format change 
fix a problem where all classes are compiled again 
update readme . rdoc 
memorizingtrustmanager updated . 
replace " new long " by " long . valueof " based on findbugs suggestiono . 
remove unused bks file 
missed required - type - id for a junit 
update to latest android - iconics core v2 . 5 . 1 
added travis - ci config file to public build . 
fake - infer is actually using ` bash ` , not ` sh ` syntax 
0 solid default 
added pom . artifactid = ' eventbus ' 
lps - 58248 rename to navigation . jsp 
idea - 19061 integrate the rearranger - plugin into core - ide 
fixed typo which caused a stack overflow 
prepare version 23 . 0 . 0 . 
bump version to 1 . 8 . 7 
removed server site jar from deploy . 
lps - 60243 gradle - plugins - javadoc - formatter does that now 
add the forgotten default self - certificate for jetty - osgi default config 
update common / buildcraft / transport / blockgenericpipe . java 
update fml to 92 , this include full client side support , modloader nolonger needed . 
added another proguard rule to fix support . v4 library warnings 
 ' 1 . 1 . 147 - snapshot ' . 
bump version to 0 . 0 . 1 . 
updated fix of the library test 
adding a new sample / test to check for el injection without beans . xml 
updated changelog 
lps - 68325 task depends on npminstall 
adding jna for native library access 
lps - 48371 align notifications - count on mobile devices 
renamed package name corresponding to the directory 
added storm - 1415 to changelog 
remove unused import from test code . 
green and red leaflet markers 
more attempts at getting travis to build correctly . 
do not log failed dashboard loading 
updated gradle plugin . 
missing # import " rctlog . h " 
declare a constant for user credentials 
travis suggests to upgrade infrastructure 
allow build to proceed without internet access 
changed name for favicon 
fixed gradle . properties 
fix a build bug where javadoc is generated twice 
don ' t " clean " every time test are run from gradle . 
update changelog . txt 
updated changelog 
forward command line arguments in rstudio - dev script 
fixed p . filter param 
fixed jar name 
fix typo 
update android gradle plugin to 0 . 14 . 4 . 
update osmand / src / net / osmand / plus / render / textrenderer . java 
changelog updated 
remove this configuation manipulation b / c it ' s unnecessary . 
native alsa datasource for linux . 
update spongecommon for living entity movement fix . 
updated changelog 
updating samples 
set the search bar ' s autocompletetextview to ellipsize = end . 
remove debug code from har library 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 10 
proper cursor for alert annotations . 
rename readme file to readme . md file for the following db bindings so the build process can generate binding specific tar balls for them . 
return non - zero exit code from wrong - react - native 
add an assertion to try and track down the windows ci failure . 
added threding to index 
 ' 0 . 17 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
fix fairness 
add aliases for specification pattern 
update sample . 
updated to latest zxing integration code 
update version . 
update es upstream to use a named threadfactory for abstractdeallocator 
need to update the max remote stream when a new one is created 
add matija to the authors file . 
stop preloading a class i ' m about to remove . 
try it at a one - liner 
add await to ensure cluster available before starting next test 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 104 
update flow version in sampleapp to v0 . 12 . 0 
updated changelog 
added todo 
update sbt version to 0 . 13 . 11 
switched to latest android support package 
added readme 
fixed missing sys import 
add trailing lines to sessionconsole . r to prevent r 2 . 14 readlines warning 
add sample image for linear layout practice 
correct spelling in test name . 
spaces removed at the end of class 
add more doc 
add 20 / 60m for on demand once 
temporarily disable test 
add spring - boot - versions to the prepare profile 
automatically sign artifacts when releasing . 
use import_file in import_frame 
update news ( whitespace ) 
updates build script for examples to declare java 7 
updated sqlite lib 
seems to have multiple passes on small machines , although that has been true before and failed on bigger machines . 
netty updated to latest version 
added storm - 808 to changelog 
lps - 35198 rename export_import_resources . 
update api target sdk to 23 . 
added missing jar appendix 
updated license file to copyright nitobi 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . bookmarks . model , increment version 
lps - 49448 move stub permission checkers out of portal - test 
added script for building snapshots with git tag 
lps - 16328 missed a file 
 ' 1 . 1 . 135 - snapshot ' . 
added fabs to ufuncs 
snapshot 
hadoop - 6413 . 
reintroduce stream # subscribers # no_issue 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 0 
tfj - 179 scope of junit should be test , not compile 
updated to 1 . 1 . 6 - snapshot 
use https instead of ssh for the submodule 
lint is not a task dependency of assemblevanillarelease , so explicitly add it to travis script 
alpha - 33 / 344 version bump 
update to first stable release of fastadapter 
add auto + osd page segmentation mode 
added comment to ide - integration . 
increase dir cache size in the perf test . 
library project path fixed 
travis install delete - by - query plugin 
lps - 60761 prepare new version for arquillian - extension - junit - bridge 
changes 
fail the exopackage test script if os name is neither ' darwin ' nor ' linux ' . 
fixed jre test execution . 
lps - 63220 deploy to modules 
set log level to all 
add maven gpg plugin version to " release " profile 
added storm - 1157 to changelog 
update readme . md 
dialog - > prompt 
idle tooltip display 
 - testexternalredirect plugin id issue ( alerts . xml update ) 
add storm - 1426 to changelog 
updating instructions to indicate that the device plugin is required to be installed via plugman 
update qa - controller . 
make apns . java final 
lps - 51081 ran " ant reset - gradle init - gradle " 
adding oracle module 
use jboss - parent 15 
update attribution to use ben wolfe ' s full name . 
add storm - 1095 to changelog . md 
add ken to the authors file . 
skips one more test in xml / test_xinclude . rb . 
update to latest android gradle build tools 2 . 0 . 0 
update spongecommon for inventory and world spawner fix . 
added command class diagram 
retarget to cmake version 3 . 0 . 2 
skip smooth setting if the platform doesn ' t have at least a max_samples 
update android build tools 
added storm - 401 to changelog . 
update spongecommon for registry fix 
update gradle lazybones plugin to 1 . 2 . 3 . 
update functiongraphic 
edit changes 
update fml , new at features , and error info . 
added missing @ implementation annotation that was breaking the build 
snapshot 
don ' t long press if preventdefault is called 
revert " moving test to nopass will have to change the test " 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - security / . 
removed maxpermsize option for tests 
release 0 . 3 . 2 in maven center 
engines should have a block name 
add groovy property icon 
delete a mistaken note on parseoptions ( ) documentation 
clean up tmp - file used in test 
small layout improvement for multi user 
expose correct version message . 
initialize mshowwhen to true 
lps - 35930 - missing style in _unstyled 
align mockito . after with mockito . timeout to take a long instead of int 
update missed gradle . properties file too 
medikation , kardiologie 
fix formatting introduced by the memcache examples . 
fix level of section in build tool plugins documentation 
add to index 
added missing version to checkstyle plugin 
set the connection channel in paymentchannelserverlistener 
update jar 
update change_log . 
updated readme 
snapshot 
updated build tools and sdk 
add jvm settings in gradle . properties 
update readme . md 
remove sumatra pdf executable 
fx - fix rad - deg conversion in rotate ( ) 
gradle file . 
fix field_stats tests to use text / keyword instead of string . 
remember to delete realm files between runs . 
updated apk with the examples of the last version 
testing automatic updates to devbuild . bigbluebutton . org 
retina for toolwindow icons 
enforce nomainmethodinabstractclass of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
inputsemantic used in several uts now compilable # 388 
add file without inline call to multi module test 
do not backup wifi country code settings 
add empty libmedia_native in old location 
changed default ant build to use local maven repo for maven - ant - tasks 
open archives androidjavadocsjar 
use assert_send ( ) in test_slow_jruby_xpath . 
added extractnatives when running eclipse task 
added simplegeo api to changelog 
no longer test jdk6 on travis 
fix error in readme 
relax restriction on empty strings for proxy callback url , as this should be an empty string if no proxy callback was requested during service ticket validation . 
add missing clauses to the buck query grammar description . 
lps - 61001 move util to proper folder 
removing swp file 
update v1 . 6 . 8 date in changelog 
updating version . txt top section 
so lib into dexposedbridge for aar 
update readme . md 
available 
update surefire plugin 
updated jettywebfiltertest . java to jettywebfiltertest . java 
fix cassandra cli to respect timeout if schema does not settle patch by goffinet ; reviewed by jbellis for cassandra - 2187 
enabling text search on travis 
install . cmd now tries to add the system folder to the current path . 
sphinx4 jar 
update readme . md 
update android - iconics to v1 . 0 . 1 
add a missing project needed to build with pull to refresh 
updated readme showcase art 
added lenny 
add screenshots for sdk manager 
margin for dashboard quickvalues widget . 
mention framed mode in news 
remove unused forbidden - api file 
lps - 50752 move into api bundle 
new angle . jar 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 9 . 1 
bump version . 
more gsp related tests moved to ' grails - plugin - gsp ' subproject 
added storm - 499 to changelog 
new gif 
add the inadvertently missing scheme string value provider 
navigationcontext - test mock fix for oss 
lps - 52030 " clearall " here means remove all entries in caches but not cache itself , so we need also keep _portalcaches here . 
update to guava 20 
bump version at top to match last release 
tag multifn inserted by defmulti 
remove paddingstart because it could cause exceptions 
updated changelog 
update jar 
update spongecommon 
update travis config to latest needed . 
added backup to installation instructions 
version bump apache commons codec 1 . 8 
nil instead of empty ` rctviewmanageruiblock ` block 
readme update . 
update for sonatype 
updated changelog 
ipython should be enabled by default . 
update build . gradle 
reverting changelog 
fix travis ci build for build tools 23 . 0 . 2 
test case for # 876 
add text of question 
add readme 
added in svg versions of several storm images . 
bump up the version . 
update wagon - ssh to 2 . 9 . 
lps - 40374 unable to choose asset publisher pages as a display page for web content on ie9 
updated changelog 
removing synccolumns from contact - they were put there by accident . 
gradle wrapper should be cached as well 
new image changes 
change target sdk to 8 
set book progress from xmlserializer 
remove @ override from grailsdomainclassmappingcontext . getidentitymapping ( classmapping ) 
compile guava gwt tests with - strict . 
update readme . 
update readme to reflect layerdrawable support 
fixed parent pom versions 5 - > 6 
include localdescriptions . properties for rar subsystem 
cache null infos for foreign directories 
linepageindicator uses mathfloat , which doesn ' t exist anymore . 
attach testng sources 
android gradle plugin v1 . 2 . 3 
add missing jar ( . 
update lazybones template to use new gradle plugin id # 394 
lrqa - 24837 use new upgrade tool 
fix gcs test for 2 . 0 
updating to new build tool 
check mail icon 
lps - 63476 contacts - web - moves portlet . properties file 
update for 0 . 8 . 11 
updated version before the release 
updated ioutils submodule 
deprecated mockitojunitrule 
add heart . png 
update spongecommon ref . 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
clarify format of " root_timezone " setting 
fixed the broken unit - tests after the upgrade to ehcache 2 . 6 . 2 . 
aded storm - 760 to changelog 
added jar for 1 . 4 . 4 release 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 145 - snapshot 
update gradle plugin 
moved log4j properties file to test dir 
add perl namespace to thrift interface 
update news prior release 
bump version to not confuse crashlytics 
update pom . xml 
tagging v1 . 0 . 3 . 
shut warning about unused experimental metadata 
us - ascii = > ascii 
add travis config 
add changes note about changed launch scripts 
update linux - amd64 native 
fix unreachable code in py implementation 
include a compile dependency in benchmarking projects 
update to latest ui module version 
lps - 5131 - liferay tooltips throw an error if the dom isn ' t ready 
mount jython extension at jython rather than jython - extension 
add @ override 
mapreduce - 5743 . 
remove yml file conf for test 
attempt to fix actionbar icon sizes 
use prerelease branch of sqlcipher 
the donut ( 1 . 6 ) sdk is required to build all android apps in the project . 
lps - 52768 bad bnd 
fix sendnotifications called twice 
add readme 
fix changes . txt name typo 
update spongecommon for invalid block transaction fix . 
typo correction for profile 
updated sign stage 
buttons at 2x for experimental mode 
lps - 41576 in site admin > documents and media , a scroll bar appears in the descriptive view that has no functional affect 
rc - 1 / 266 version bump 
move to 1 . 1 . 0 - snapshot . 
rename to linkbubble 
kicking off the initial travis build 
shutdown test servers more eagerly . 
allow the support library to work directly on gingerbread . 
set year to 2012 . 
update mixin submodule for fixes 
fix package name in example 
update maven shade plugin to 2 . 4 . 
update spongecommon for tracking fixes . 
updated pdf with latest version 
update build . gradle support simple use idk 
switch back the divider to true so the behavior keeps the same for people 
lps - 56904 add back portlet . properties and resource - actions 
add wxdevtool . h head file 
update owncloud library reference 
add missing migration index 
add package index for support components . 
add missing local_min_sdk_version for support library demos 
try openjdk on travis . 
create index for messages . created_at as it is heavy used . 
duplicate with themes / margin . 
library shouldn ' t use allowbackup in androidmanifest , closing # 199 
hhh - 8144 - create a ' release ' task that performs all tasks needed for doing a release 
jetbrains . dic + " configurability " 
removed superfluous @ suppresswarnings ( " unused " ) from putallpartitionawareoperationfactory 
lps - 67434 add packages removed by e6c176ebe61ddc51a12d3efc4240d8b6e9b22bbe to avoid major increase 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc6 ' . 
content - util 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
update the sdk version for my device 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 32 
fixed small bug in p . set ( x , y , img ) 
updated features 
made the userlist width flexible . 
update android build tools ( # 908 ) 
slf4j - simple version bump to 1 . 7 . 14 
added pdfparse library 
update changelog 
fix testdata 
fix gradle for latest versions of forgegradle 
add link in docs to authentication 
alpha - 1 / 240 version bump 
multiplatformsavailable for native integration tests must default to true 
add # 4399 to changes 
update build . gradle to java7 
lps - 62298 move jsp to correct directory 
debug 
 ( nojira ) another edit to travis working directory ( from that given in instructions ) 
upgrade maven - ant - tasks from 2 . 0 . 10 - > 2 . 1 . 0 
emember to import serializable . 
laptop image with redacted 
set for dev 
adding storm - 803 to changelog . 
updated changes 
added redesign flags for devsite content build 
upgrade to jadconfig 0 . 10 . 1 
added encoded method for fakecontext . 
upgrade to netty 3 . 10 . 0 . 
build make buildlog include tests run and fail stacktraces 
add a task that resolves all configurations . 
refactored constructor of abstractsectionableitem that now accepts the iheader item 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 93 - snapshot 
updated changelog 
update tint filter after setting gradient drawable state 
remove reference to obsolete variable . 
modified hbase reset script to use sym - linked hbase directory 
update readme . md 
test 
lps - 47321 adds missing language key 
fix testdata 
updating profiler4j to reflect recent changes to the subproject 
obsolete javadoc file 
update ace build 
added storm - 1837 to changelog 
changed name of root project to actor 
update changelog with cassandra partitioner change 
update travis ci 
set node size to 10 in nodepencil . 
manifset as ndk makefile won ' t work otherwise 
added mavencentral ( ) repo to grails - web 
update spongecommon 
update readme . md 
add croatian and albanian to exported languages 
updated copyright date in license . 
updated to new wrapper version . 
updated version in gradle sample 
remove groovy - dsl . jar from layouts 
 ' 0 . 4 . 48 - snapshot ' . 
add storm - 1055 to changelog . md 
don ' t stop the build when a test failure is found , keep going . 
lps - 24098 site template propagation is not working when a portlet is moved 
scroll to top in the drawer 
settings 
lps - 45670 when bulk do not notify the user twice 
 ' 1 . 1 . 139 - snapshot ' . 
new example 
nullable for dataprovider . getdata ( ) 
update spongecommon for piston tracking fix . 
add build info and test tracking branch again 
use traps to reset bash shell state 
fixed an error in the pom . xml file 
add two branding images back to the client 
added p5 result of fill test . 
added getselecteditem to the shadowadpaterview base class for android ' s spinner class . 
fix images referenced from css on the site . 
added files via upload 
update readme . md 
lps - 31419 scala library 
upgrade to assertj joda - time 2 . 0 . 0 
added a note that the tooling api idea model should expose multiple source and javadoc artifacts for a library . 
fail travis build fast if unit test fails ( # 555 ) 
default to just returning executable name if it can ' t be found to attempt a $ path lookup 
suppress warning to avoid spontaneous addition actions 
readonlystatushandler should show a confirmation dialog by default . 
updated changelog 
updated changelog to reflect pipes removal . 
remove mustrunafter in favor of an explicit call for now 
updated list of changes in esperanto . 
test refactored cont 
switch the camel - zipkin module to the new jar - based build . 
made device a final class . 
added storm - 1429 to changelog 
correct test name 
setting context - > node to make sure we ' re properly searching subtrees . 
update spongecommon for isblockprotected fix . 
update news 
update os - maven - plugin again to address an idea integration issue 
removed unused import 
fix labeladjust , set false to setconverged at init . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 17 
add @ since 
added support - annotations 
move rebalance scripts to bin directory 
one more apoc - > neo4j 
increase minimal coverage 
skip encryptorstests when using < jdk 1 . 6 as aes isn ' t available 
update readme . md 
fixed wrong import . 
updated docs to add withbodycontaining 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 56518 
fix id reference . 
prepare version 21 . 0 . 3 . 
updated gradle wrapper to 1 . 10 
i love removing smooth ( ) 
removing a file from example data that ' s not needed 
lag the cleaning by a term + window to allow for greater nak range . 
force ' marke all as read ' in the overflow menu . 
bump version to 0 . 3 . 4 
make xxhdpi adb icon consistent with other densities . 
lps - 64368 rename 
bump forge version for updates . 
update jira url 
update for pom . xml 
change git config to case sensitivity 
lrqa - 24891 add portal . upgrades to the list of available properties 
don ' t sanitize in lookup 
readme 
update spongecommon ref . 
keep current view state after having downloaded the complete message 
enable native building by default 
update rpm default jvm . config 
added changelog 
testing selective commit of submodule . 
update changes 
update version number in readme 
update stress to use driver 2 . 0 . 4 
remove daoexample because r missing from build 
turn off hsm debugging in dataconnection , to verbose . 
added a few more ideas 
fix hive ptest2 logging configuration ( gopal v reviewed by sergey shelukhin ) 
idea - 66333 quick documentation lookup on mouse hover 
added logo image back to readme without beta symbol 
set language to python to correct python environment for pants . 
upgrade to versioneye maven plugin 3 . 9 . 2 
runs eclipse on a mac . 
update release - notes . 
fixed py - 2608 test runner does not draw test hierarchy 
bump k9 
add rossen 
fix debian changelog 
reset to snapshot version 
remove lint - cli module 
jetty - 1414 hashloginservice doesn ' t refresh realm if specified config filename is not an absolute platform specific value 
upgrade gecko to 1 . 1 . 1 
updating logo to latest version . 
lps - 69244 move icon file 
exclude monkey log file 
jsonprovider . cretearray now returns object . 
testdata fixed 
update build . gradle 
snapshot 
added system . exit ( 0 ) to exit main method on completion 
removed @ overrides from method that implements interface instead of overriding superclass to resolve java 1 . 5 error 
py - 9282 puerto ( as in puerto rico ) is not in pycharm ' s english ( american ) spell checking dictionary 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 11 . 2 
lrqa - 27626 add openid credentials in test properties 
accept sdk licenses 
update the alias in the server side trust store to match the name used for the certificate . 
added new jar for 1 . 3 beta build 
alpha - 19 / 294 version bump 
update libxslt to 2 . 8 . 0 , libiconv to 1 . 14 , and zlib to 1 . 2 . 8 . 
updated screenshot 
bump packrat version 
more test 
minecraftforge / fml @ 70570a863ffa6a3ba7e2dd30b471bb47615b8bf8 fix up possible cme 
update changes 
upgrade to assertj 3 . 2 . 0 
fixed header in indexing docs 
fix section id for the new discovery - multicast plugin . 
mention sourceforge bug number for latest fix 
hide fingerprintmanagercompatapi23 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 12 - snapshot 
sonar - 5736 the select list component does not fetch more than one page 
trying to reconcile node dependecy inside java project for war packaging in ci 
lep - 5783 include binary distribution of facelets as lib / development / jsf - facelets . 
lrqa - 15073 deprecate delete . liferay . home as it is no longer used 
lps - 55780 dead exception object creation , caused by lps - 44902 d06a91d2d2cc0f3314008fd451ffe283f0e2db9f , we really need to be careful on the most basic things . 
the config - migrator . jar needs to be included . 
updated changelog 
new dependencies 
add intellij idea files to . 
travis matrix 
deleting vs unhiding recommonmark import 
inced version 
removed c + + client from planned features 
restructure build system 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc2 ' . 
update to patched version of jackson afterburner , to avoid problems with verification 
lps - 20338 enabling a page in staging sets a wrong parentlayoutrevisionid 
remove unused file 
update configuring - proxy - authentication . 
 ' 2 . 0 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
add release date for 2 . 8 . 6beta 
manually add signalstrength to preloaded - classes 
java docs 
no need for block argument 
add connectionstate interceptor , 
back to interim 
fix grace time calculation . 
add mips support . 
changelog changes for 1 . 0 . 1 
removed debugging property from travis that was added to debug the travis build . 
storm - 901 
readme 
uppercases the ` method ` variable to sanitize the string 
fix j2objcc handling of file names with spaces . 
lps - 67504 do not increase version 
lps - 50604 match bookmarks - api . 
call invalidate when executor is deallocated 
upgrade maven eclipse plugin to 2 . 9 
ant - bnd 1 . 0 . 1 snapshot preparation 
update project . properties 
updated readme 
add missing import 
can ' t have empty sections . 
update readme . md 
increase default memory used in quick - build . 
removed license files from jars , was screwing up the build 
fixes wrong param in httputils result ( reported by davide corda ) . 
add pbap service start . 
use 1 . 0 of test helper 
run browser tests if it ' s a ci build . 
version 0 . 9 . 19 
rc2 
added missed fields naturalwidth and naturalheight to htmlimageelement . 
fix api method from previous commit 
add storm - 829 to changelog . md 
update to the latest support lib 
cyglaunch . exe temporarily removed 
lps - 65790 - task - cache 
properly handle empty layout in getfirstvisibleposition ( ) 
upgrade netty - build to 12 
build . txt should have been updated 
updated readme . md 
browsebutton blue theme 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 124 
new icon for wiki 
classify - 20newsgroups . 
switch devsite doc build to use templates - sdk 
update license . md 
 / / krlmlr . github . io / using - gitattributes - to - avoid - merge - conflicts / 
remove useless println 
changelog changes ( custom catalogs ) 
update gradle plugin 
add copy - libs task 
update to jstl 1 . 1 . 2 to fix numerous xml validation issues with tld files 
wip2 
h2dialect should use ' if exists ' when dropping constraints 
coping the async development jar to a simpler location for use in run / debug configuration settings 
running bits from ide leaves server . log files all over the place 
next development version 
 + " uncommenting " 
beta1 release 
updated ffi - todo 
fake change for activating build - testing idea update 
increase timeout in expect - cassandra tests 
update searchadapter . java 
include correct redirection messages in the har / list returned by the api 
update spongecommon for compile fix . 
update readme . md 
correct null + string to not throw an npe 
todo has been updated 
add screenshots 
trying a different compiler in travis ci . 
drop unneeded version tag from pom . xml 
max height for samsung galaxy camera to avoid image clip 
removed favoritedstream model 
reset the project target to android - 8 
apparently too slow to glm due to # of categoricals 
forcing the ci build 
majorversion 2 . 17 
reduce cloud - aws logging when rootlogger is debug 
jettypeconstraintlist # getconstraints ( ) by stub 
revert " freenode verification for irc channel . " 
seq needs to be public . 
lps - 22971 default it to true 
bump to 0 . 0 . 12 - snapshot . 
fix regtestparams subsidy decrease block count ( 150 ) 
idea - 52127 a formatter option to force spaces after unary operators like " ! " 
fix for # 51 bump netty version to 3 . 3 . 1 
add forced default for text type files when it comes to git and line ending issues 
updated changelog 
fixed issue with implementation of getfiles in usagetarget 
also updating travis build tools 
add postgresql in the allow_failures block from travis config ( see # 382 ) 
update readme . md 
fixed typo for changelog . txt . 
updating the peg for cacheword 
update jmxutils to 1 . 16 
update protocol - spec . 
update readme . md 
lps - 50757 rename class only 
silence javac warning 
fix section id for parallel test execution 
following up on the todo to rename newincomingcall , see ag / 417776 for the corresponding services / telecomm change . 
increment permgen for since the release build was failing on oom . 
update spongecommon for entity activation fix . 
performance imageview 
add netty to notice . txt 
added storm - 464 to changelog 
updated changelog 
use openjdk6 because eol of oracle jdk6 
delete test file 
avoid abortonerror for sample codes . 
 / / github . com / antlr / antlr4 / pull / 875 to java runtime parser " 
follow naming convention ( file - locks ) 
add directorymappingchanged ( ) callback 
indicate that the object function returns an object even if not called as a constructor . 
added cycle to the deploy profile 
enable js optimizations 
updating build tools to 23 . 0 . 1 
use . 9 png of logo 
test travis - ci build 
util for jps updated 
back to snapshot 
update serializer - 1 . 1 . 2 . 
update readme . md 
remove unnecessary console sub - command 
fixed osgi export in core servlet bundle , otherwise jersey servlet container initializer would not work in gf 
new actual branches 
removed the unused file sandbox . py 
updating changes for v1 . 0 . 2 
cleanup format pom . xml 
change package name to groovy . bugs 
back to nopass 
lps - 63220 deploy to modules 
added readme to barcodes original iphone project 
update pollexor transformer parameter name 
upgrade to mockito 2 . 0 . 54 - beta 
authors + = emily soldal 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 14 - snapshot ' . 
change groovy compiler level 
add support for code coverage to tests - on - jvm project 
 ( no message ) 
added excludes to spring ldap dep to prevent spring 2 . 5 . 6 jars creeping in . 
version bump . 
disable scheduler test 
update readme . md 
upgrade to joda - time 2 . 9 . 4 
fixing up the standalone activity 
armeabi so to dist 
oops , fix changes . txt from last commit to reflect the fact that 
update linux - arm native 
delete helloworld . meta 
local repository field is not updated on changing maven home directory 
binaries in gdx / 
ingore test / groovy / grails / config 
lps - 42360 break - all will prevent overflow from containers 
removed old growl library and replacing it with the new jni and growl4j library 
updated changelog 
add demo image 
move kmlbikeparkdatasource to correct location . 
update build . gradle for sample as well 
fix path for src files . 
updated jbcrypt jar to version 0 . 3 . 
 ' 0 . 7 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
moved all query related classes from bookmarks to querydsl - hibernate 
move test to pass . 
diagnostics for part 2 of py - 3909 
whoops , fix bug in setmodulesresourceid 
updated changelog 
add files via upload 
renamedialog focus rollback 
update to 7 . 1 . 2 - snapshot 
use calligraphycontextwrapper # wrap 
remove test code 
updated changelog 
gulpfile 
added storm - 1572 to changelog 
added android . permission . read_external_storage to example app . 
change put command . 
checked the notice file , updating to 2015 
increase delay for mac dmg build to try & avoid busy on eject 
remove spurious submodule entry 
clear zombies after they are removed from timer list 
plugins & plugins - ics branch have gone 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 125 
update readme . md 
changes watch file . 
build / version update for 2 . 7 beta 1 . 
changed license name 
only sethandled ( true ) if a servlet matches 
clean cdpath on plugin script as well 
added storm - 2018 to changelog 
update to flow 0 . 2 . 31 
added storm - 1087 to changelog 
fixing tags 
modules / apps / web - experience / . 
changelog update 
fixing some file prefix stuff 
add - - build - with - buck into completion list 
push to origin first 
delete old image before setting a new one 
minor clarification in http connector comparison 
version bump 
fixed appinfofile 
try installing python3 
add comment on not following soft links during indexing 
tweak message text printed by titan . sh 
adding online . 
fix excludedgroups config for jenkins profile 
upgrade logback to 1 . 0 . 3 . 
idea - 154576 progress indicator on intellij icon on os x dock 
update readme 
fixed doc string for rem 
sslcontextfactory _trustall defaults to false now 
do not make rctdevloadingview a keywindow 
include hugo in readme 
cs - catalogs - reorder branch has gone 
update readme . md 
tag the " testid3 " commandline tool as " debug - only " . 
bump the version on guava 
pixel icon for google oauth2 registration 
bump up version number . 
run the site in reloadable mode . 
removed unused import 
update prepare . md 
lps - 26172 wrong en_gb translation for add_layout_set_branch 
update for maven - eclipse - plugin to 2 . 10 , works fine on eclipse kepler 
added doc / to the distribution . xml so wikis are included . 
remove fixed height on graph view . 
updated readme . md 
lps - 54967 move to src dir 
added runtime dependencies to launcher project 
mark compiled web frontend files as binary when processed by git diff 
add type information to extern for screen 
update readme 
added a comment for hex 
fix for u + 0449 ( lowercase shcha ) glyph in roboto light . 
update abifilters 
added another useful thing to capture . 
upgrade to hdrhistogram 2 . 1 . 3 
minecraftforge / fml @ 9520978b81d4cba5d8b0af0d5f155bd115023795 use a temporary file for recompile ' s command line to combat command length to long issues . 
add - - stacktrace to ' gradle check ' 
add new animation gif for googledices 
squidb core module can still just be named ' squidb ' 
upgrade analytics plugin 
removing canopy from synthetic control example . 
added flag for audio choosing 
comment out uninstall apk 
add a comment about the reason for a recent commit 
portal - configuration - cluster 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
add disconnect support message 
lps - 66594 move icon 
links to the wiki page 
portal - search - web 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / hello - velocity / . 
more benchmarks results 
do not return invalid files 
add jcenter to repositories to get actionbarsherlock . aar 
change to rdoc test for prcomp 
removed duplicate groovy jar 
fix bufferedtokenstream . reset ( ) putting the stream in an invalid state when called before lazyinit 
ready for release 
remove thumbs . db 
small incorrectness in variable types handling by compiler fixed 
add a known issues section 
derp no gms 
update travis . 
junit version bump 
add the goal ' deploy ' to maven release plugin 
update readme . md 
remove zeroclipboard swf 
lrqa - 27535 automatically close pulls that fail the functional smoke batch 
added the api definition for ` _cluster / settings ` 
update readme . md 
prepare release hdrhistogram - 1 . 0 . 7 
page cacheword back to working version 
new image changes 
lps - 57626 migrate scss 
new todo item 
added storm - 264 to changelog 
updated authors . md correctly . 
update jar 
added rocker template module to docs 
true to . 
customization guide should have correct title . 
darker background for up / down buttons in reader detail view . 
remove empty test designation . 
make countingdownstreamcallback static to reduce footprint 
 ' 0 . 6 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
set release for today . 
bump spongecommon ref to fix workspace issue . 
made groovyclosuremethodstest # testrunafter more stable 
added google group 
incremented the version code of the sample project for gplay upload . 
fix is_zero check 
added exit codes to jmxtrans . sh for status determination 
update changes . txt 
updated es submodule 
invitation - invite - members - service 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
lrqa - 13985 move to uisections 
readme 
resize sparkle . png 
remove outdated pdf slides 
force a webview pictureset invalidation on screen rotation . 
fix typo in beans { } example 
update build . gradle 
prefer python 3 in crash script 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 92 - snapshot 
update spongecommon 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / monitoring / . 
fixing pmd warning on jetty - 9 build 
update to gradle plugin 2 . 2 . 0 - beta1 
add gif 
emit didfocus after routestack reset 
test data fixed 
update news 
fix the issue of new call failing in 3 - way call scenario . 
images dir missing breaks the build . 
 " show conflict " action does nothing for libraries 
added storm - 822 to changelog 
fix documentation by adding proptypecompositionhandler 
lps - 44042 - copy " tofile " instead of " todir " 
fixed github repository url 
add todo on cross device links 
update graylog2 - rest - client module 
added storm - 2100 to changelog . md 
remove analytics from alpha not enterprise 
made neo4j - manual dependency optional . 
lps - 64991 add " buildwsdd " alias task for ant plugins 
restricted coveralls to android test . 
hive - 1366 . 
fixed maybeclass when passed class 
update okhttp to 1 . 3 . 0 . 
lps - 43188 - save original iorequest object in case we need to access it 
use gradle rat plugin instead of java exec integration 
fix for the clearing of fling events 
add jsp 2 . 2 xsd 
changed screenshot 
update mixin submodule ref 
beta - 2 version bump 
do not finish welcomeactivity when showing about info 
missed file 
updated ver to the next development version 
include the version . txt file in the source distro . 
update travis script 
move this to the resources directory 
delete profiles_settings . 
the scroll_id is no longer a required qs param 
merger of # 122 pull request , return draw matrix for better integration 
adding norm ( ) 
added some dependencies that were being picked up transitively . 
remove reference to common module . 
capacity was not respected 
remove missing hive drop test table 
added activiti - archetype - unittest to the deploy profile as well 
terminate instanceinforeplicator with shutdownnow ( ) instead of shutdown ( ) 
update comment for updatecallback 
fix trampoline exec header 
added bigger timeout to prevent com . android . ddmlib . installexception on travis and other ( slow ) environments 
update readme . md 
update android props 
lps - 58672 add missing build . gradle 
 ' 0 . 17 . 7 - snapshot ' . 
renaming the test to correspond with the interface rename 
use testng to run sql - parser tests via gradle 
readme version typo 
suspend must freeze the time 
fix @ since for escaperasserts . 
documented no content for head request and same name query 
updating version . txt top section 
hhh - 7532 - override getforupdatestring with correct syntax 
adding a license comment . 
set seed for runit lift xval . 
add tags to . 
update readme . md 
removed sample server config ( irrelevant now ) 
remove the before_install command 
fix typo in the comment 
update changes . md 
don ' t try and shorten the commit id at the source . 
update the build tools version used in travis 
add libs for unit tests . 
removes white line from app service 
never remove icons from open - api 
update spongecommon for portal fix . 
remove dependency on hadoop_ver 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 90 
fix the missing return type for method references 
changelog 
update local properties for building on a new machine . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 8 
force remove the bazel directory , as bazel - bin / src / bazel is not writable 
true 
fixing redefined test method 
add support for svn 1 . 7 + metadata to the spider ( sqlite based ) 
shrink android jni library by using ` - flto - fvisibility = hidden ` 
add runner script for python unit tests . 
adding gbrandt , ajaspal to acl 
fix a previous bad merge . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / wiki / . 
change to nopass until i figure out why the accuracy is less than 1e - 4 
fix testdata 
changed id to cli friendly format . 
added storm - 1911 to changelog . 
update spongecommon for gameprofilequerytask config options . 
apply the group and version to all projects . 
changed kernel to depend on the latest version of parent central 
null check on reader items , fixes f / c . 
updated usage of the fest - assert - core jar 
do not show separator on stream list last child 
add art assets 
another ( probably ) incorrect word accepted because of compounding 
lps - 53829 rename 
correct play services description . 
next development version 
update readme . md 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / petra / . 
fix sourcedirectory , restoring compiled serializers to guava - gwt jar . 
openjdk 
don ' t highlight unassigned vars in boolean checks by default 
try to build travis without an explicit java update anymore in the hope that the default java version was updated . 
fix up travis include synax for sonatype publish 
groupid - > io . dropwizard . metrics 
remove the duplicated version info in common ' s pom file 
gradle script enhanced 
jetty9 - updated toolchain dependency to 1 . 8 . 
replacing glassfish logo with wildfly 
prepare release acra - 4 . 6 . 2 
adding install stanza 
update readme . md 
tree - based ruby sdk configurable . 
ready for release 
update jansi to 16 ( fixes some 32 / 64 - bit detection problems on windows ) 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 51 
removed deprecated call to exc_traceback 
scan our classes only 
change the default release scope to be patch 
fix crowdin task . 
add tostring ( ) 
anonymousfunctiontolambdaintention . applicabilityrange 
add invalid_suppress to lint checks so it will be reported at the correct level . 
omitting rbx - 19mode from travis build for now , because hoe is acting up . 
change the hadoop - client version to use env { hadoop . version } instead of hardccoding 2 . 3 . 0 for glusterfstest profile . 
lps - 15204 social icons 
update version in gradle . properties 
updated todo 
made cuboidregion ( world , . . . ) constructor clamp to world . 
removed @ override flag from compareto method , since it isn ' t in the superclass . 
prepare next version ( 0 . 3 ) 
 / / repo . springsource . org / libs - milestone repo 
try even more to connect . 
duh , i have errexit set , no need to explicitly exit . 
prepare library for development 
merged open - keychain 
upgraded ( commented out ) findbugs - maven - plugin from 2 . 0 . 1 to 2 . 5 . 2 
version bump 
updated drawable - hdpi / stats_widget_header_icon size 
update spongecommon for piston crash fix . 
set required craftbukkit version back to 1 . 0 . 1 - r1 ( i . e . rb 1597 ) 
update ' modules / apps / sync / . 
change version_name 
added getrooturl to test project 
clean top - level build_result dir . 
mahout - 1438 quickstart tutorial for building a simple recommender 
change mockito to a test scope dependency 
elasticsearch dependency should be provided and not compile 
fixed a bug with backsided objects . 
readme 
release date in changelog 
product cleanup 
update build . gradle 
update changelog . 
remove jslayoutjs annotation . 
added libunwind to the list of packages in travis . yml 
version updated 
add isclosed in druiddatasource 
lps - 47916 - properties 
applicationstarterbase can process external command line 
updated to freeboxos 0 . 3 . 1 , maptransformation service modified to suit pull request demand 
update jar 
 " pathname " , " servlets " , " viewlet " 
test commit for the new mailing list ( all users are still on the old list ) 
add changes . txt for yarn - 2406 . 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / journal / . 
update pom . xml 
prohibit " schafmittel " 
added empty debug buildtype 
remove unused import 
remove jar 
spellchecker - add some common stuff to dictionary 
polish our pom ' s to be as dry as possible 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0b1 
remove writepom from build script - didn ' t work properly anyway 
update to latest build tools version 21 . 0 . 1 
update folder_public name 
unregister port in forkingtaskrunner 
if an error occurs then set in creation to false to prevent repeat execution from hanging 
updated consistencycheck . java for new feature 
use outnameprefix variable for nsis instead of duplicating it in strings 
fix console not working in non - forked mode 
added layout keyword 
fix setclippanel doc typo 
add overlay for cpp subproject 
added storm - 712 to changelog 
remove space char from the end of a line 
update rxjava to 1 . 0 . 15 
fix ruby 1 . 8 . 7 incompatibility in full message view # webinterface - 125 
correct version of undertow in table of supported embedded containers 
update readme . md 
updated readme . 
idea - 81490 add help action to update project dialog . 
update to latest iocipher head 
removing liquibase - osgi from parent project pom 
readme change 
build ' client ' target with - wno - sign - compare . 
lps - 31187 move to portal - impl to avoid circular dependency 
changelog 
started working on 3 . 6 - rc2 
partitionmanager should commit latest offset before close 
lps - 32038 remove old jakarta - regexp . jar from lib / development since it ' s now in lib / portal 
bigger icon for jabber - this is the icon used in the " authentication requested " window 
fixed typo in jflex ' s readme 
update changes 
wfly - 4824 increase maven opts heap size 
readme updates 
fixed failing unit test 
sonar - 5561 fix issue on oracle 
clear gradle 
update news 
updated changes 
don ' t run performance tests in parallel . 
upgrade to avro 1 . 3 . 3 
apk 
remove unused class 
updated samples 
upgrade apache - rat - plugin from 0 . 8 to 0 . 9 
update changes . md 
added single threaded moving window example - a 
lps - 57042 move css files from core to module 
mixed a try - > try - cause 
update sample apk 
need to call onattach on parent class to prevent attachdetachexception 
bumping to versioncode 209 for 4 . 5 . 2 hotfix release 
hhh - 6623 turned off hibernate . show_sql in core ' s test / resources / hibernate . 
add slack integration for travis 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 3 . 
snapshot 
lps - 66244 fix petra baseline 
update changes . txt for mapreduce - 4607 commit . 
upload new apk 
excludes javadoc and source from zipkin - ui ( static asset ) publishing 
fix cursor for clipboard copying of es query 
removed empty translation file 
remove p . ln 
set working directory 
add note about enabling source / javadoc viewing in ide when developing plugin . 
initial extraction of javascript - openapi module 
 ' 1 . 3 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
log version of android gradle plugin , re # 301 
remove old pre - 1 . 5 textures 
update build . gradle 
removed redundant method call in build . 
updated changelog 
corrected an include . 
actually call shutdown from async twitter 
goodbye , bob 
add travis build file so pull requests are tested . 
remote ' maven project builder ' from project - > properties - > builders 
don ' t test against master nightly in evergreen 
downgrading server to jersey 1 . 3 due to issue with loading of external jax - rs packages . 
lep - 3163 - 4 . 3 . 0 classic theme only works ok with blue theme , green and orange color scheme are incomplete 
skip icon classes generation for python ' build ' modules 
update travis continuos integration . 
add @ deprecated annotations to declarations with @ deprecated javadoc tags 
fix failing test 
remove spurrious line clamping speed to average . 
bump the version number to 2 . 2b1 
update readme . md 
attempting to get xml object to get picked up by the reference generator 
added storm - 1073 to changelog . 
add registers directive so example will compile 
added storm - 266 to changelog 
upgrade to netty 3 . 9 . 1 
 / / b / 2139600 ( expander indicators misaligned ) . 
update spongecommon ref . 
updated changes . txt 
remove mistakenly added module reference . 
removed jar and aar files from example 
need to import an additional water . util library 
packing the struct to work around llvm bug . 
deleted to rename the project name 
added runtime configuration change to plan 
baidu browser name now matches their marketing 
disable cache 
obsolete maxpermsize args removed 
force javadoc encoding to utf - 8 
upgraded to new version of ddmlib 
release 0 . 6 . 7 . 0 ( fixed version in readme ) 
added travis build status image to readme 
add capturepicturetodisk to react component 
rc - 4 / 174 version bump 
don ' t throw exception is smtp server is not set correctly . 
lps - 69962 add packageinfo 
remove monitor logging from the kernel extension factories 
notnull 
update android . mk 
set permgen explicitly for travis ci build 
using apollo 1 . 0 . 11 
add ' quit ' in addition to ' exit ' 
fixed test data according to fixed bug in idea jps . 
added reference to distribution . 
experiment with parallel maven build in travis 
don ' t allow a runtime dependency on guava , since that could conflict with guava versions in the compilation classpath . 
revert build - runfiles to use / bin / bash 
 ' dist ' task now generates binaries , docs and sources 
fix missing module build issue 
add babel to package . json 
travis update 
repackaging guava 
added log4j . properties to class path . 
updated refs 
map - taglib 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
prepare for rc1 release 
01 cst 2015 
 ' 0 . 4 . 50 - snapshot ' . 
import became not required . 
remove openjdk6 as a platform to build guava on . 
activates microphone sensibility modification via windows coreaudio ( adds 32bits version only for vista / 7 / 8 ) . 
nightly build should check for current jdk = = 1 . 7 . 
fix issue with avgelevation 
put rb into change log 
purge src / custom 
remove deprecated documentation flag in profile docs 
release notes 
releasing new version of pegasus 1 . 9 . 12 
update rxjava to 1 . 1 . 5 
added missing test file , dbdiff from lee butts 
changed to extend mongoexception - java - 265 
disable unused parameter warning for jni code 
remove browser for cloud launch from py test 
test fixes - portlet / blogs 
add cpufreq_stats event tag 
update readme . md 
push version to 11251 . 
nullability fixed for a js dom stub 
update spongecommon for containskey cache improvement . 
idea - 76607 groovy analyzer doesn ' t recognize static construction in integer . metaclass 
added storm - 1213 to changlog 
removes a mistakenly committed system . out . println ( ) 
waituntilindicesareinitialized ( ) is not needed for unindexedfilesfinder in trunk 
simplify findbugs path 
lps - 63057 new emoticon animation 
fix muted completion test for the @ file keyword 
1 . 1 . 2 - snapshot 
added storm - 801 to changelog 
adding xpath bind parameter substitution . 
update rxjava to version 1 . 1 . 4 
add @ see 
reset user on token change 
added images for instructions on setting up a bigbluebutton vm 
increase version manually to 2 . 0 . 30 - beta 
adjusted layout margin 
add the missing data files to avro union tests ( hive - 14205 addendum ) ( chaoyu tang via ashutosh chauhan ) 
mime - type property on javadocs 
activated unit test for cogroupoperator 
lps - 60542 move java files 
in processingwrapper module , replaced opengl . jar by the official one . 
xexpressionimpl . 
rename testmultinode . sh to testmultinode . sh 
remove multiple calls to recordleaknonrefcountingoperation ( ) in advancedleakawarebytebuf . foreachbytedesc 
update changelog and release 6 . 1 . 1 
one more apoc - > neo4j 
fixed a typo 
 / / bigbluebutton . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 430 af16638f - c34d - 0410 - 8cfa - b39d5352b314 
0 . 1 release version 
rc - 1 / 188 version bump 
set minsdkversion to 14 
upgrade to mongodb 2 . 6 . 0 
flip emergency_assistance_enabled to true 
add wesley . 
fix can ' t find scala / option erro 
delete obsolete readme on maven plugin 
updating changelog 
fix target 
fix view - > model space for viewprojectionmatrix 
update library / pom . 
call startpreview after stopping for musestillcamerafortimelapse = true case . 
add tostring ( ) to indexshardgateway 
update dagger to 2 . 4 
reload of images only require to redraw 
updated binary files 
mahout - 285 moving the main class to utils 
fixed problem in eclipse plug - in with objc and cocoatouch jars not being included in the classpath when launching ios apps . 
update wrapper version 
update rxjava 2 . 0 version to rc5 
use same release profile id as the main google pom 
remove a print 
update configuring - authentication - components . 
add right padding to compose textarea 
idea - 149081 word " destructuring " is not in default dictionary in idea 
update spongecommon 
adding screenshots for development / samples / wiktionary and development / samples / wiktionarysimple . 
removes jetty from the run - app cmd 
lps - 27258 portletpreferenceslistener should do a merge update for layout 
default id for android is 0 
update changes . md 
update version to beta3 
edit changes . txt for cassandra - 5903 
updated changelog 
rc - 1 / 328 version bump 
fixing dependency update following the tinkerpop refactoring 
terrorist version bump 
update build . md 
added ' install ' task to app , alias for ' installdist ' 
removed previous test information 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / server / . 
update changes on fulltext search with fuzziness ' auto ' 
mark elasticsearch as provided in plugins 
new readme 
lps - 65488 the module framework boot delegation permits com . sun . 
openjdk7 problems in travis 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 25 
update readme . md 
back to - snapshot after 0 . 1 . 6 release 
include starter into jetty 
add files via upload 
incremental local builds for frameworks 
fix for # 308853 ( update test suite to junit4 - module jetty - deploy ) . 
add notice . txt . 
zookeeper - 434 . 
update jar 
hide test results again 
get rid of log used while debugging . 
kickstart travis 
add isdense to cfmetadata # hashcode ( ) 
prepare for next development iteration 
dummy commit to push build . 
update library reference with fix for saml username 
dynamic - data - mapping - io 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
sip icons moved to the resources package 
lrqa - 16724 add new business productivity component property name for forms 
only generating hdpi , xhdpi , and xxhdpi pngs for all vector images 
lps - 63476 contacts - web - moves images 
builder 0 . 5 . 4 
lps - 63057 semantic version 
temporary disable install core deps 
lps - 57176 language keys 
remove completed todo 
adds storm - 1364 
okio 1 . 11 . 0 . 
add console line back ( since it ' s still in the code ) 
update submodule path 
update support library 
removed author tag 
lps - 64277 move service resource - actions out of meta - inf 
lps - 44394 no need to set _group variable to null , as it is always initialized on setup 
changed build . sh and . 
start next dev cycle ( 2 . 0 . 2 - snapshot ) 
forgotten icons 
jetbrains . dic + " implementor " 
new faster container builds in travis - ci 
install fakeroot as yum dependency 
pull disklrucache forward 
lps - 18501 rename to correct 
updated todo 
bump android tools version . 
lps - 61850 language properties ( copied from liferay - plugins ) 
better faq css formatting 
fix test 
enforce maven 2 . 0 . 9 as i ' ve seen camel - jdbc tests fail sometimes on earlier maven installs 
about 
make git status command silent 
updated sqlcipher . jar to 3 . 5 . 1 
remove uneeded class 
00 cst 2015 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 8 . 
adds retrofit library 
set blockallnetworktrafficchaostype to enabled in config 
comment out mock - javamail - 1 . 7 to file the build of apache hudson 
update gif 
update resources 
removed vm / build * from . 
use auto updatable android gradle 
remove querydsl - support 
adding - - info to travis script step 
removed println 
bump version to 0 . 9 . 0 
only build on oracle jdk 8 
new style icon from paul 
new todo item 
fix read on dead group dialogs 
add placeholder for a new section in releasenotes . xml ( # 3399 ) 
setup for rc3 
rulecondition can be static 
update readme . md 
added version to jspc dependency 
readme updates 
compile with utf - 8 and java 1 . 7 
update readme . md 
update jar 
generate equals and hashcode for android studio proto . 
add spring 
updated readme . 
bump spongecommon for gameprofile workaround . 
undo eclipse project stuff 
lrqa - 22944 update the reference to ' ee - 7 . 0 . 
update pom . xml 
amend changelog for 13 - beta4 . 
nullpointerexception and todo - marker on a strange code - line 
lps - 64093 package version 
added connectedandroidtest 
set defaultpublishconfig to debug - in case we had source dependencies to this module 
update to newest build - tools 
remove package - info 
change to not explicitly check for null 
changed version in build . scala 
added androids 
move the rap core god conf into default god / conf 
updated src / android / com . 
remove newline 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 55638 
dial button for the dtmf gui 
update readme . md 
upgrade to reflections 0 . 9 . 9 
changed static version 
bump android gradle plugin to 0 . 9 . 
people and todos 
fixed borken pom 
fixed problem with gradle build uses ' grails - core ' as the archive base name which broke create - app etc . 
fixed small issue in suggestbuilder # gettext 
removed layout margin from listview 
enable parallel build in travis 
fix a typo in comment 
jetbrains . dic + " unmerged " 
upgrade commons file upload . 
making error msg a little more terse 
revert " lps - 50155 ensure that store ( ) does not save strict portlet preferences to the db " 
added sample apk 
fix reentrancy bug in serverimpl during shutdown 
add some more coveralls integration . 
fix for failing test 
upgrade to tomcat 7 . 0 . 16 
1 . 0 . 64 release notes 
added ios sketch design 
amnesty should not amnesty of applied fixes idea - 156823 
fix findbugs issues in this class 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 22 
added minimum ios and os x versions needed to build jre_emul library . 
add comment to code block in readme 
fix sample app gradle version 
jetty - 9 use latest test helper 
lps - 60705 remove servlet reference in portal . properties 
bump version to 0 . 0 . 2 . 
bumping version to 2 . 4 . 3 
added a new high dpi icon , and an updated version of the medium dpi version . 
add an " all " target to compile everything and run test cases , pmd , findbugs etc 
trying to fix build error on travis 
add back eclipse configuration to buildsrc 
use snapshot as default tag 
add site as a submodule 
lps - 63379 add build 
make typedcolumn public 
update readme . md 
upgraded groovy jar again as previous version was corrupted , missing emc 
disable obsolete java add to watches handler 
lps - 68980 disable for now ? 
added dane lipscombe to the list of authors . 
fix a typo in the launcher script . 
update dependencies in readme . md 
update release - notes . 
remove resolver - status . 
twl jar . 
add changes for 2 . 3 - m02 
added lib dirs to db / cassandra - 0 . 5 and 0 . 6 
skip the enforcer plugin in the examples 
lps - 55111 prep next version 
make bower non - interactive . 
dd - mon - yy - with - other - cols 
pack ws - agent binaries in tar . gz archive ( # 2162 ) 
mark view holder as public 
update to build - tools - 23 . 0 . 2 in travis 
update readme . md 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc3 ' . 
update readme . md 
rm circular dependency ; update a comment 
new organization name 
updated version of signature validation plugin to latest version . 
drop jdk6 from build matrix , we require java 7 
add storm - 1419 to changelog 
language key 
lps - 61006 this file is not manually copied , but generated by the patcher . 
fix drawerlayoutandroid method parameter 
update readme . md 
correctly capitalized word " maven " ( and test if commit works for me ) . 
revert " update to 2 . 6 . 4 ( latest stable version ) " 
moved dollar - header . 
fix wrong path for module . xml 
add changelog entry for feature t175 
update to latest android - iconics core 
hive cli gets stuck when hive . exec . parallel = true ; and some exception happens during sessionstate . start ( rohit agarwal via ashutosh chauhan ) 
lps - 55267 @ override 
update coverage reports 
dropping the scala logging trait . 
update tools version 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portal . kernel . search , increment version 6 . 3 . 0 
added volley . jar to the project 
downgrade the commons - compress version back to 1 . 4 . 1 , as the other one is also broken in artifactory . 
make paint . mnativepaint package protected to fix the build . 
add comment to pom about enunciate 
document change that makes it work with ooo 3 . 0 beta 
only oraclejdk7 
rss - util 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
fixed problem with proguard configuration 
added storm - 1906 to changelog . 
add new screenshot for splitframe 
update builds tools 
why are you exiting with a 137 code travis ? 
more terst resource under test directory ( code review ) 
roll back ' blockscrolling ' change 
java mail update to 1 . 4 . 7 due to travis fail in retrieve artifact 
upgrade retrofit2 to beta4 
reorder modules in top - level pom . xml 
renaming pom artifact - id , so that gocd shows up instead of main ; when opening up multiple projects in idea . 
explained the versioning number change . 
fix changelog by adding a new empty section 
lps - 49142 rename 
update version to 3 . 0 . 0 . 
delete unused jceks keystores 
update readme . md 
updated the version number from v1 . 3 . 2 to v1 . 4 . 0 
update es upstream to current no - comma - routing fix 
use kairosdb . org instead for github url 
lps - 41428 language key 
added travis config so it can run in a container 
add travis build status 
change whitespace in install - boost 
add warning comment so people will know that the . 
test 
remove strings . xml 
update setup . sh 
updated parent to version 8 
use type 1 in row_names_info to return generated row names in data chunks 
added ` jumbomode = true ` 
version bump to 6 . 12 - snapshot 
removed new line at the end of the file 
adding a text method for node 
remove unneed inject annotation from 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 84 
added storm - 138 to changelog 
removed test seed . 
return after exception caught and reported - in git stash changes saver 
the read only test should use read only resources . 
todo 
activate travis ci cache for local maven repository 
update versio to 0 . 4 . 2 
make dummy change and assert cc is updating correctly 
remove jvm debugger options from default cassandra . in . sh 
release notes 
tag file specific directives were added 
change version of dynamic kafka spout 
updated readme 
codeinsight 
disable bounds checks on release build for samples . 
add storm - 483 to changelog 
implement a new cache handling for zrtp 
lps - 58116 ant file with gradle replacements 
add some rules 
add file missed in r1734150 
added contributors agreement pdf 
removing obsolete profile name from pom . xml 
preparing 1 . 1 . 1 release 
destroyhardwareresources in onstop ( ) 
updating readme . md to have latest android sdk 
fix glreadpixels ( ) to verify that both x and y are non - negative . 
fix a 9 . png file 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 16 
semver com . liferay . taglib . aui , increment version 
update jar 
updated one of the samples to use eclipsewtp plugin . 
readme update 
add module common 
forward all arguments to sstablekeys 
xstream - configurator - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
add waffle . io badge 
updated changelog 
enable sdk debug code coverage settings 
fixed arguments to statusbarios . setstyle in the navigatorioscolorexample 
remove redundant openjdk7 , non - existing openjdk8 from travis - ci config 
changed project to library 
add version back into compile notes 
v5 . 0 . 0 . b27 - snapshot 
enable react . displayname transform 
kotlin is not a typo ( idea - 85934 ) 
add cmake_dl_libs 
debug configuration changes 
removed junit from test folder because junit is now runtime dependency 
lps - 67552 change context contributor package path 
delete readme 
lrqa - 26186 add new property to track content targeting tests for release purposes 
when changing a session id , use the internal add cookie method in the same way as when first creating a session cookie . 
version 0 . 19 - snapshot 
svncommand - process member to be private 
don ' t delete system - idea ( caches of the idea under debug ) when updating dependencies 
added new usage doc files 
readme title 
don ' t trace debugger internals in python 3 . 
bump gherkin 
update to 14 . 1 . 1 - rc - 2 
jackson warning 
ensured the next version is correct . 
fixed issue with maven command line build where checkstyle was unable to find the suppressions filter . 
disable verifytestfilescleanup for jacoco 
update spongecommon 
prepare version for the next iteration 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 108 
add demo apk 
bumped version number 
preparing for openfire 3 . 4 . 0 beta . 
update readme . md 
update bytebuffer - collections to 0 . 2 . 3 
update spongecommon 
code review feedback - - don ' t detect changes if r is processing input 
fixed uiexplorerstatetitlemap . js being . 
don ' t accept " mitpreis " , probably a typo of " mietpreis " 
test 
filter field goes from italic to plain when typing text 
update sbt to 0 . 13 . 7 
set for dev 
clarify javadoc , suggested by neil martin 
lps - 48007 web content > display page > private pages not listed after select 
workaround to travis openjdk 6 / 7 buffer overflow issue ( # 1265 ) 
mark scope as ' test ' 
lrqa - 20082 rename calendar testcase file 
upgrade parent pom version . 
updates aside , pretty sure i am still " the author " 
upgrade to jboss - parent 14 
lps - 56006 update version 
added relative path to the parent pom so that the user won ' t need to 
add ' to ' keyword as alternative to set stmt docs 
adding replication client shutdown in peereurekanode 
reset languagemode to languagein at the beginning of processnewscript ( ) 
make sure account . getdescription ( ) never returns null 
configured encoding of integration test files 
lps - 46181 include the new module in the global build process 
use jdk not jvm 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 75 - snapshot 
lps - 58808 add package for bundles in test 
use different application id for debug builds 
simpler travis build 
bump android plugin version to 0 . 9 
return correct default draw buffer 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
push api version to 1 . 1 . 0 , enable snapshot . 
remove jobs command . 
re - add readme . 
update readme . textile 
update readme . md 
make oc - android - library track the copy_operation branch 
upgrade javassist to 3 . 17 . 1 - ga ( hope this one is java 6 ) 
update build . gradle 
added idea files to the . 
portal - portlet - bridge - soy 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
added storm - 675 to changelog . 
prepare changelog file for release of 5 . 2 . 0 
temporarily removing icq slick so that we stop seeing build failures 
updated changes 
update readme . md 
updated library paths 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / blogs / . 
added new biome enum values 
simrecords . getserviceprovidername ( ) always returned null . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 86 
synchronize access to getmaxsize . 
support line number arguments for rubymine 
force index update before indexable set removal ( will force update on project closing as well ) . 
update joda - time to 2 . 0 
default to rest instead of kibbles . 
apk update 
move gradle . properties to gradle . properties - example 
gradle plugin bump 
mod readme 
s / constants / constants / in test_server 
specify travis env vars as global . 
update gradle build tools 
add commons / build 
temporarily dependent on an internal version of twitter util - core 
gettruststoreresource fixed 
ensure that in all cases the correct position and limit are set to the endchunk buffer . 
cli getname ( ) is not nullable 
build the android wear app with a signed release key 
updated gradle for vector asset support 
update changelog . 
upgrade os - maven - plugin to fix an issue with intellij idea on windows 
split sipcommunicator into sip communicator 
forgot to check in this file . 
update changelog . md 
added toto in text class to use charsequence insteaf of string . 
a todo 
add missing const qualifier to compile with clang / llvm . 
add vcs root 
fix test testjrubycurrencyplugin ( regenerate plugin archive ) 
updates changes file with the new cancelhttprequest ( ) net method 
creating js hooks 
make a global const array static 
move test to nopass because it takes too long to run ~ 12hr . 
 / / github . com / yole / colorschemetool 
webview destroy at appropriate time 
re - added semicolon after enum declaration , so that documentation parser accepts it . 
lps - 66144 move icon 
presentation refactored 
modify mute / unmute buttons and icons 
fixes test by getting executor to shutdown properly 
create design . md 
correct typo in a message 
use correct timestamped cglib release in maven build 
launcher - web icon was removed 
add maven ant tasks jar to lib dir for use in deploying maven artifacts . 
lps - 67049 move unit test to correct module 
fix test , a plain realm now needs a credentials handler since it ' s only set in startinternal . 
masterportpool needs to be volatile 
install - > publishtomavenlocal 
make round avatars a little bigger with a smaller border 
upgrade to the latest netty - build version 
lps - 17436 apply the same format applied in linknode for method setaltnode . 
really refresh bikeshare stations in service 
revert " travis build check " 
updated upload document icon 
move a few nopass to nofeature until model save / load and n - fold cross - validation are implemented . 
removed tbr from the build 
added storm - 1592 to changelog 
remove meaningless copyright comments 
lps - 54300 @ override 
idea - 148519 find in path directory dropdown makes it impossible to distinguish between long paths 
updated changelog 
next development version 
add latest android support lib 
copy the response buffer for the invocation object . 
update readme . md 
wrong log level 
notnull 
values - tr initial commit 
lps - 48386 this should be true for dev mode 
fix worldevent . potentialspawns event passing the list instance of the chunkprovider to users 
test fixes - enduserwebformsanddatalistsp5 . testsuite - tests 
update es / upstream 
update react - native - cli / contributing . 
update irc library to 1 . 0 - 0014 
fix proguard flag file dependency . 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc4 ' . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 44 
simplified dbget . 
remove sample app module for now 
added storm - 1866 to changelog . 
include ' saripaar ' packages only . 
upgrade to jdbi 2 . 55 
set a reason_change_requested_by_user code to the unregister event when caused by us . 
fix unmount issue in mac os x 
add butterknife lib for example 
force gcc to 32 - bit mode for i386 builds on amd64 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 48694 that is not in trunk 
fixing unused import 
update readme . md 
there ' s no reason the getsubject accessor should throw a 
thymeleaf support words 
added new very spartan control button to controls . png 
version 0 . 9 . 14 
add a placeholder file to comply with sonatype requirements 
fixed readme 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 33 
prepare version 19 - beta2 . 
lps - 63359 rip modules / apps / search 
don ' t deploy test - sources for neo4j - enterprise - they were empty anyhow . 
start history server by default 
asm4 src 
updated project . version setting 
documented cassandra - 594 in changelog 
lps - 35742 rollback this change because is breaking all tests related to lucene indexing 
fixed bug for updating mcurrentposition 
update changelog and release 6 . 0 . 16 
add marker for code improvement w . r . t . ircapi instance . 
update spongecommon 
update contributors 
use sqlcipher 3 . 0 . 1 
adding constant to pokego 
updated changelog 
made ant deb depend on dist 
skipping xpath perf test on non - jrubies 
updated readme due to new andenginetmxtiledmapextension . 
update license . txt 
upgrade okhttp version 2 . 7 . 0 - > 2 . 7 . 1 
copy for tag flyway - 2 . 0 
update readme 
allow new players that join a server to chat . 
updated particlesystem to be easier subclassable . 
upgrade maven jar plugin to 2 . 4 
increase minor version number to 9 
sonar - 2284 upgrade to jruby 1 . 6 
removing attempt at controlling surefire memory usage ( it was a wild goose chase ) . 
move runit to nopass pubdev - 2375 
whitelist windows module 
lps - 67352 add check ' arraytypestyle ' 
 ' 0 . 14 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
revert " wc accepts files as input parameter . " 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 10 - snapshot ' . 
update readme . md 
upgrade to joda time 2 . 7 
else should be elsif 
ninja - fix purejavacrc32 
invoke bazel_configure . py in . 
add dispose ( ) handling for geyser nodes . 
copy for tag flyway - 2 . 0 . 1 
make readme markdown for better readability on github . com 
lps - 65402 add language keys 
upgrade to jcommander 1 . 35 
removed unused enum . 
 " multiple slf4j bindings " warning messages when running hive cli on hadoop 2 . 0 ( shanyu zhao via thejas nair ) 
update gradle version 
missing files 
clicking on the new mail notification gets you to the default folder if any else to the folder list 
and there are not 1000 seconds in a second 
lps - 66144 move js files 
fix styling for content pack icon in streams list . 
bump to jdbi 2 . 29 . 
modify makefile 
update intlist . java 
 ' 0 . 4 . 40 - snapshot ' . 
return information about whether overlays are disabled . 
lrqa - 26173 set sybase charset to utf8 before creating database . 
patched osmand icu4j - 49_1 to support persian and urdu # 2019 
prevent unnecessary clearing of cache by not doing it when a portetpreference is created . 
remove " modern . exe " reference from uninstall section . 
update readme . md 
deploying some more sources and test - sources . 
reset post - release build version to snapshot . 
lps - 26908 some unit tests are not working . 
update readme . md 
fix broken build due to leak canary . 
lps - 45242 persist the modified entity after updating the logo id jut like in lslsi . updatelogo ( ) 
add close method to echoedrow 
clean plug matrix after rerender 
fix wrong date for version 1 . 7 . 0 
make com . intellij . psi . search . globalsearchscope . moduletestswithdependentsscope return what it says 
change cursor when hover dialog ; 
update changelog . md 
preparing for release 0 . 5 . 0 . 
fix profiler after module structure has been changed in pydevd , take 2 ( py - 18442 ) 
update readme . md 
update news 
documentation refers to httpstricttransportsecurity ( ) instead of hsts ( ) 
add an assert to rowdataresolver # getdata ( ) 
bump spongecommon ref . 
lps - 66316 ( web ) move xml files 
update spongecommon 
increase minsdkversion to 8 because we ' re using searchview in folderlist 
overlay could not set position or rotation immediately after created , it should be triggered by signalevent ( ) . 
update news prior release 
added a script ' dbuck ' to debug buck without shooting oneself in the foot 
crop gif 
be explicit with group name 
add spock to test compile path 
remove newline at eof 
upgrade to parent 36 
update readme . md 
removed println 
add usage 
lps - 42308 set visible does not always work in liferay pagination 
use trusty - beta on travis for openjdk8 support 
add missing override annotation 
update index . list 
 / / github . com / buildcraft / buildcraft / issues / 753 
updated copyright year 
remove explicit license . 
nightly version change 
change the background color of the video area to white to match 
add notes about sprint integration integration tests 
lps - 38204 - missing import 
update readme . md 
added more source - file types to the test 
lps - 47580 if we remove the private - package directive the generated manifest will contain a wrong import ; we cannot do that 
revert " test awaits lucene snapshot upgrade " 
increased session idle timeout to 40 min 
lps - 57119 only strip fully qualified classname when it ' s not a literal string 
added storm - 595 to changelog . 
different mapper 
added gradle . properties to mdk ( # 3361 ) 
remove not - needed call of bytebuffer . clear ( ) . 
fix missing fluid container on delete help 
removed a unused field 
prepare release imageloader - parent - 1 . 5 . 9 " 
remove google maps api key 
2 . 2 dependency to sample gradle file 
lps - 58171 forgot to reset on cleanup 
add readme file 
upgrade to presto hive - apache 0 . 4 
add missing villager sounds . 
lps - 66050 @ override 
try to upgrade travis env . 
compile palette with java 7 with gradle 
got rid of a todo 
update spongecommon for configurate update 
arrayindexoutofboundsexception in org . eclipse . jetty . quickstart . preconfigurequickstartwar 
disable trial start time for this beta 
temporarily disables the support for the address book of microsoft outlook because of a crash ( privately ) reported by damian minkov . 
prepare version 27 . 0 . 1 . 
custom bike start icon ( fixes # 194 ) 
update to mapdb 1 . 0 . 5 . 
initial commit for examples 
remove snapshot version 
add return 
version should be 1 . 4 . 6 - snapshot 
upgrade to jcommander 1 . 47 
adding sample code to faq for how to retrive a thrown exception send from cameltemplate 
version 0 . 6 . 1 bump 
set buildnativeprojects to false for now 
update barentry . java 
removing travis configuration as builds run on snap ! 
exif test 
adding studio - sample - in - editor . png file 
 ' 0 . 18 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
remove jdk 8 from travis build , because it always hangs / takes to long 
update version number to 2 . 1 
executing integration tests sequentially for now . 
bump to 0 . 10 - snapshot 
debug output disabled in hive - 206 ( johan oskarsson via zshao ) 
added todo for 416 truncated list command . 
lps - 67890 remove temporary file after testing 
updated changelog 
camera ] sometimes camera preview screen is truncated after launching and back to home screen by home key repeatedly 
removed version for dropwizard - configuration ( it ' s managed ) 
update spongecommon for inventory event fixes . 
add force index for notificationq 
don ' t strip nativerunnable constructor . 
update changes . txt 
updated todo 
just a test 
upgrading spring test and mvc libraries to version 2 . 5 . 5 . 
fixed a bug where defaultchannelfuture . issuccess ( ) returns true even if the future is not done yet 
add h2o_hosts 
replace the openjdk6 to oraclejdk8 
copy default_expression in formalparameter . copy 
update style of paragraphs within showcase 
update changes . txt 
update license 
fixed town . zip by getting it from googlecode downloads 
missing language keys 
added slf4j - simple as a testruntime dependency 
updated library reference after merge 
new scalable icons 
r / m unused import 
set version 
grails - 10448 - fix failing tests 
fix a small type in readme 
set proper release version 
remove background color from welcome fragment 
updated link to issue tracking location 
add jar built by oracle 1 . 6 
next development version 
fixed test name 
use android default proguard config 
update readme . md 
fix test 
restore - dev suffix post tag 
update go version to 1 . 4 . 2 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 55186 
x2 matrix needs 4 float elements . 
push version to 14 - beta5 , 11262 . 
depend on agrona snapshot . 
use gradlew instead of gradle 
gradlerev - 25 - @ incubating should not be @ inherited 
immersive mode . 
default logging to info 
add helpshift dummy keys in gradle . properties - example 
update readme . md 
add 26 . jpg back with the command line client 
update readme . md 
changelog for 0 . 9 . 0alpha5 
remove completed fixme 
put back logp - > printf in the backup helper code 
lps - 35528 adds aui - parse - content dependency 
slight modification of the layout of the content representations in cycle 
updated the ` groovy ` submodule 
update readme . md 
update news file 
add xxhdpi icon for free version . 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 29 - snapshot ' . 
properly clear out old state when receiving a new intent . 
drop unused jabber contact 
don ' t close the stream immediately after reading the first line . . . 
update readme . md 
missed one line with " source " dir 
disable lint invalidpackage error 
alpha - 22 / 306 version bump 
grails - plugin - validation depends on grails - web for compilation . 
qualname__ is a well - known built - in attribute ( py - 6745 ) 
lps - 63528 ( web ) move icon files 
add - dontwarn java . lang . invoke . 
add documentation for size ( ) 
snapshot 
adding version 
fix layer drawable inflation 
lps - 52392 apply group by clause to avoid duplicates 
recycle original screenshot after rotation . 
fix issue with opcodes that have a max api 
fix build failed 
lps - 69031 prep next org - elasticsearch 
prepare version 26 - beta3 . 
made exception public to allow reflective use . 
added node_modules back into . 
lps - 61129 missing jar ? 
changed color of the socket icon according to light - thanks martinmuellerg 
update ratpack - groovy plugin id for perf apps 
lps - 54970 removed unnecessary return 
updated changelog 
add an empty readme . md 
adjust for clarificaiton on adding to pom . xml . 
success 
snapshot 
menu dropper fella 
add matplotlib 
new collateral 
added isrunablestandalone method 
liquibase release 
update readme . md 
change in the comment of the release 
new icon 
updated the changelog 
add id 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 633 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
use sdk for stubs 
suppress incorrect as warning of " . 
a sample plugin . 
updated changelog 
updated changelog for storm - 252 
update readme . md 
add branch name " master " to version . properties 
added an object file and a elf file to the test data 
fix working dir for gradle so sandbox examples are available 
lrqa - 23224 update poshi runner version 
unused import 
 ' 1 . 3 . 11 - snapshot ' . 
add enclosingmethod proguard rule 
standalone plugin project 
made example . html ref processing . js instead of processing . pack . js . 
lps - 66857 test - should use updatecontact 
update aarch64 native 
change travis to run tests again jdk8 only 
update readme . md 
set autoresizingmask to redraw root when resizing rn window 
update watchman version in docs to latest stable release 
remove useless task wrapper closure from subproject 
lps - 17648 readd accidentally removed language keys from rev 82301 
add gif 
fixed accidental suppressing of errors in unit tests 
change name displayed for desktop streaming device in the media configuration panel . 
add storm - 1755 to changelog . md 
market settings 
hazelcast is now a universal platform with clients for various languages . 
adding a new icon for retrieving saved revisions . 
upgrade flow to 0 . 3 . 50 
update changes . md 
making sure everything is flushed when calling lights ( ) 
make controlflowgraph public 
consolify submitted text when rendering incrementally 
update release - notes . 
update jni . cmake 
in webstorage , keys ( ) will return null if an invalid index is supplied . 
version bump to 1 . 9 . 6 
trigger travis - ci 
use mockito 1 . 8 . 0 
added png icon 
update readme . md 
fixed a syntax error in readme 
update gson version 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 7 
ref preference activity absolutely . . . 
update readme . md 
bumped version to 0 . 24 
updated changelog 
upgrade to elasticsearch 1 . 5 . 2 
readme 
groovy - 2153 
adds missing tostring method to capability enum which was causing a crash 
latest selenium driver 
css bugfix 
change eventhub dir 
memory leak in hive metastore ( naveen gangam , reviewed by thejas m nair , aihua xu ) 
added rest droid as alternative to robospice . 
add external_integration_test back into ci 
mark maxmapcountcheck # issystemcheck as final 
remove mlastnewintent as it is not used . 
readme 
fix a dangling label . 
release note mentioning renamed directives 
don ' t send a zero length register packet , add mod channels 
added location project to ignition pom 
kafka - 1146 ; tostring ( ) on kafkastream gets stuck indefinitely ; patched by arup malakar ; reviewed by jun rao 
updated the changelog 
tweak size of prefs dialog 
fix a constructor of foregroundlinearlayout 
add support for head , options , trace and patch 
updated changelog 
updated spec version 
fixed failing formatter tests . 
update spongecommon 
changed pom . xml 
update sample 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / contacts / . 
fix support lib build by using latest gradle plugin 
auto commit test 2 
delete unused strings resource file 
lps - 60542 rename action java file 
quick fix ; utf8_codepoint_count must be utf8_length 
journal - taglib packageinfo 
updated changelog 
py - 5031 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc6 ' . 
update spongecommon for locale cache change 
clean - > distclean 
ninja change default back to heap_buffers 
update to latest asmack 
update android tools 2 . 0 . 0 
reduce logging , use ' quiet ' 
remove language " fr " 
add iris test file 
update spongecommon for dropitemevent fix . 
upgraded parent version . 
ha . . . useful to be able to get the size of a stack . . . 
journal - service packageinfo 
use 1 . 9 . 2 jar 
fix a typo causing compilation problem . 
added a title to the code lab 
removed opengl . jar from version control 
version bump to 1 . 3 . 0 - beta 
use explicit node version 
add storm - 1884 to changelog 
added storm - 1170 to changelog 
updated gradle build to workaround gradle - 1116 - workaround / build / classes / test being added to the eclipse classpath 
sonar - 2284 upgrade to jruby 1 . 6 . 1 
upgrade to parent 37 
make waituntil accept a thenable instead of a promise . 
change return type on executeupdatedelete 
test on openjdk8 too 
default logging to info 
 / / android - query . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 623 d864b24f - c464 - 86f1 - a23f - 96be1521e7f2 
try jdk8 on travis ci with a revised timeout ( 30 mins this time ) 
install blas before tests 
fixed colspan . 
bump the version number to 1 . 3 . 3 - dev 
removed tag roboguice - 2 . 0 - rc2b 
i am repeating my change comment from the last version , because the last version had a newline problem . 
example of how to solve html escaping problems caused by new erb escaping 
change demo 
remove old comment for broken os x caching 
move vectorenabledtintresources to the correct directory . 
add keys . add ( key ) 
portal - target - platform - indexer 1 . 0 . 2 packageinfo 
let ' s compile sources with iso - 8859 - 1 encoding 
lps - 33882 portalsecuritymanagerimpl sf 
lps - 52985 increment version 
mark 1 . 5r1 as a " non - current " release , with pointer to 1 . 5r2 . 
fix for tar 1 . 27 where - - same - order ( - s ) can not be used with - c 
brightening navigation for legibility 
added storm - 704 to changelog 
update build . gradle 
added doc / to the distribution . xml so wikis are included . 
fix oracle permissions 
removed not used imports 
hhh - 6297 remove legacy cache api 
updating gradle properties and changelog to release 
bump jbosh to 0 . 8 . 0 
fix up the makefiles and some samples . 
udpated the read me 
revert " add missing connect ( ) . " 
use latest version of gradle 
changed transactional property to static in the template 
lps - 66099 remove empty packages to suppress bnd errors 
snapshot 
update parent pom to include analyst modules 
update realmproxyclassgenerator . java 
updating version . txt top section 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
gpg signature should be generated prior to ' install ' phase . 
update readme . md 
update the changelog 
revert " proguard rule for cydia substrate " 
the change in project structure meant that the gradle build was creating 
renamed readme for guthub . 
fixed typo in changelog . 
headlessmaterial doesn ' t correctly set material data field 
updating version . txt top section 
remove unused import 
updating sdk 
add docs / src zips 
improve mongodb script 
fix typo in tests 
try to update latest gluegen library version . 
make mongo . getversion ( ) not static 
hpack is no longer a direct dependency 
classes 
set inherit_log4j default to false . 
delete outdated hack in unit 
version bump - > 0 . 4 . 3 snapshot 
changed slack channel for travis ci 
re - add codec - smtp which was removed by 96455a95584dd4e3bbefefb9c208e5927a8b919f by mistake . 
adding " belarusian " 
updated to 1 . 1 . 7 - snapshot 
name the scroll endpoint correctly 
updated travis to support building ( skips desktop unit tests ) 
mark offset gamma test as nopass , even though it ' s passing , as it affects other tests by updating the r gbm packge . " 
toolkit stubs for mrj 
try to fix travis build 
destdir support . 
added transition for close button on addbookview . 
added logo 
updated changelog 
 / / bz . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 58375 
updated comparison image link 
include the . 
trigger bundle after creating the jar 
 " facelet " 
downgrade jets3t version to 0 . 8 . 1 for both s3 and gcs . 
updating version . txt top section 
upgrade to junit 4 . 11b1 . 
set checkout depth to 100 to avoid failed builds due to long build queues at travis 
use ` grey_dark ` for suggestion text color 
update jsonarray . java 
move failing runits to nopass until fixed 
removing unused jar in server / webapp / web - inf / lib 
added example apk 
change maven prerequisite to 3 . 0 . 4 to match the maven api version 
bump to 0 . 11 - snapshot 
update version to 1 . 01 in pom . xml 
toolchain . 
delete lvtea0105 
change version to 1 . 2 . 0 - snapshot 
fix incorrect closing < web - app > tag in mvc docs 
fixed missing import 
minor change to android manifest for android 3 . 2 to force it out of compatibltiy mode 
add translate incomplete mark 
also clear handlestext 
make maven - javadoc - plugin print a lot less clutter . 
set orbot / tor support into experimental status 
prepare library for development 
travis ci test 
revert since it breaks a unit test 
add ulimit printing to travis . 
update readme . md 
lps - 48929 remove elasticsearch folder on build time 
fix a bug in the tags . resolveids ( ) method where the nosuchuniqueid 
gh - 471 - updated travis script 
when closing the stream for the host ' s web . xml if an exception occur then hosttimestamp must be set to - 1 and not the globaltimestamp . 
add powerrr to the list of contributors . 
eliminate require ( utils ) from custom namespace 
update spongecommon for tickupdates performance fix . 
depend on agrona 0 . 4 . 7 - snapshot . 
revise snippet icon 
add storm - 1090 to changelog . md 
version bump to 0 . 4 . 4 
lps - 51912 remove redundant ` continue ` keyword 
build . gradle updates 
add plugin java to usage section 
update jar 
updated gradle version code to corrospond to github release 
remove test files after completion 
lps - 30392 users do not have access to a site ' s private pages while on permissions algoritm 1 or 2 
updated project structure to increase readability 
fix wrong minsdkversion in sample 
removed an unused image and source . 
align flush ( ) implementations 
updated changelog 
add abortonerror false - so that clean build runs without a problem 
changed order of init in smackandroid ( ) 
gh - 471 - attempt to speed up travis 
updated e2e readme . 
update delve version 
adding better validation error reporting to the - - rng option 
replacing virus - ridden p5 . exe 
update slf4j version . 
added eclipse support . 
updated javadoc . skip parameter to also skip javadoc assembly 
do not throw on quick - fix creation , just return null 
lps - 65362 fix bundle - symbolicname com . liferay . required . dependencies ? 
lps - 47340 bnd file . 
adding storm - 1668 to changelog . md 
use latest build gradle tools version 
don ' t inline partials if ` fastbuild ` is set . 
rename project history 
update guava ' s j2objc dependency to version 1 . 1 . 
fix error in settings . db upgrader . 
error immediately when generating javadocs ( # 739 ) 
aar build 
updating version 4 . 3 - rc1 versioncode 193 for beta release . 
jetty - 967 jetty - 1056 
minecraftforge / fml @ c913258ca38e662264bdf4aafbfbef86881c9290 disable signature check of client for now , it ' s broken . 
added graph of the gods docs . 
travis . yml update 
added null pointer check . 
update to latest patched opencsv 
removed transitive = false for dependency 
lps - 48469 add contextname to the interface 
 ' 0 . 11 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
switched to actionbarsherlock 4 . 1 . 0 
updated changelog 
build with - - parallel on travis . 
update build . gradle 
set width to chat container 
update maven shade plugin to 2 . 4 . 1 . 
readme updates . 
version 0 . 9 . 16 
update to bytebuddy 1 . 4 . 17 . 
fixed depenedency declaration for dep tree 
fixes and tweaks 
rename readme to readme . textile 
add storm - 1122 to changelog . md 
add travis - ci integration 
remove tbd from benchmarks project 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 52055 . 
mahout - 790 - disabled sparse iterator test until we settle on desired semantics 
allow testing element icons ( author section removed ) 
make parsenode non - copyable 
dependencies from invaders and helloworld 
add screenshot for documenting repo branch in gfx 
h2o_hosts wants to use h2o . build_cloud ( ) not the base h2o_bc . 
export webpackconfig if not running build or start 
release notes 
support for nokogiri_gc test option on jruby 
fixed the corrupt binary 
marking this a " release candidate " . 
moved dummy file out of default package for easy exclusion from javadoc 
gradle - 385 gradle ' s gradle build has no default task . 
update spongecommon for notify event fix . 
added agent and logs directories to . 
lps - 53194 the parameter servicecontext instance should remain the same after merge 
todo 
passwords are now filtered from the log in config / application . 
fix blueprint file name . 
reset 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portal . kernel . scheduler , increment version 6 . 3 . 0 
removed generated file . 
prevent receiver leak in trustagentwrapper 
keep xprivacy 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / blogs / . 
indicate that e need bash 
update readme . md 
remove - includepreview flag until support is available in doclava . 
changelog for 0 . 12 . 
add children . toarray to reactnative 
cleanup deprecated lucene 3 . x api calls from lucene2seq utility unit tests 
gdx - natives . jar to dependencies project . 
push version to 13 - beta6 , 11249 . 
rc - 3 / 272 version bump 
update readme . md 
update limitations section 
removed the 0 . 63 - beta text from bbb_banner . jpg in bbb - web 
lps - 45426 infinite loop when updating structure with sub structure 
fixed breakage with previous api change ( i34b3abad3310 ) 
add ' incrementer ' 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 9 . 5 
lps - 64799 add petra 
lps - 44403 moves to email_notification_settings and rename , no logic changes 
prepared for 2 . 0 . 6 release 
update xeps . md 
downgrade hamcrest matchers . 
increase schedulingpolicyservice . priority_max to 3 
prepare for next version 
remove unused mruimfilehandler reference from cdmaphone 
updated library 
moved to correct build location . 
did not update project . version correctly . 
add build - aux / test - driver to . 
made ghserver extendable 
update contributors . txt 
changes . txt change for hadoop - 9515 
fixed src dir in pom 
modify install_opencv . 
removed unnecessary groupid from plugin . 
update news 
rc - 1 / 234 version bump 
lps - 48577 move deleteaftertestrunrule to test - service . 
it makes sense to set connectionstartms when the connection state changes . 
gwt 2 . 6 . 1 
fix a problem with jspx code style settings preview ( as discussed with d . avdeev ) 
note about required minsdkversion 
bump the version to 0 . 80 
upgrade to latest netty version 
update to latest ` fastadapter ` v1 . 4 . 2 
updated version to make travis build pass 
made all travis environment variables global 
update spongecommon for redstone event fix . 
fix obviously broken datetimeview . onattachedtowindow ( ) . 
move ( trampoline - ) execheader . sh from capsule to capsule - util 
upgrade to discovery 1 . 9 
clean up files to minimize checkout times 
added bridge class diagram 
use github account email in travis . yml 
switched core - tiger module to use standard project spring version . 
lps - 46191 move the css files to the new web module 
adding async - ejb module 
bump to version 5 . 4 - rc - 2 
logo in readme . 
road map doc update 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 8 
added missing docs to documentation toctree 
remove broken custom tagging for release commits 
made robolectrictestrunner . robolectricconfig protested to support custom runner subclasses . 
added storm - 1208 to changelog 
delete simple . apk 
sync - api 1 . 0 . 2 packageinfo 
updated library reference 
bump back to 1 . 2 . 0 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
remove the red slider background again 
recyclerview position bugfix when predictive animations are disabled 
added preview res 
allow access to jserror node 
fix nameerror in lexeratnsimulator . reset ( ) 
add migration files 
update datascienceh2o - dev . 
oss credentials placeholders . 
prepare release acra - 4 . 6 . 0 
unused jsf library removed 
lps - 16747 developer properties should not have javascript fast load 
version number 
updated startup service so it compiles 
prepare for next development iteration 
kafka - 1717 ; remove netty dependency through zk 3 . 4 . 
removed a system . out 
no longer require local jre for all builds 
update spongecommon 
build tools version bump 
update readme to indicate that redis 2 . 8 . 5 is supported 
alpha - 10 / 265 version bump 
rc - 2 / 325 version bump 
add in callableminecraftversion 
bump version 
add @ hide tag to fix sdk build 
test fixes - portlet / messageboards 
revert " install database - migration plugin by default " 
update breaking - changes . 
update spongecommon for pixelmon tracking fix . 
fix ryan ' s name . 
add storm - 1910 to changelog 
remove stale refs to jboss - as - arquillian - container - managed - domain 
added storm - 1145 to changelog 
upload v1 . 1 . 0 jar . 
ant was updated to 1 . 9 . 6 version 
updated current version 
explicitly include version in issue template 
lps - 61952 fix portal sample data 
add mit license 
improve logging modules and listing # 984 
fixed ant . properties 
these two tests seem to repeatedly pass now 
added lib required for smartcard support 
prep for dev 
remove unnecessary code from the test 
store message in fetcherror class 
updated changelog 
set for dev 
fix windows build to specify studio version 
hide the min / max macros defined in windef . h 
removing bitdeli - badge 
newline 
add file path to corruptsstableexception message 
built new snapshot 
updated library reference after merge 
jpmml 1 . 1 . 7 
missing translation ling check disabled ( due to problems with generated string " applicationid " ) - temp solution . 
forgot ignoring the engine . iml 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 2 . 5 
hhh - 6421 reduce log level of lazyinitializationexception from error to trace 
remove throwing " not implemented yet " exception in googleplussocialnetwork 
update news 
install api 23 on travis 
last bit of todo before merge 
explicitly target java 1 . 6 with the annotations . 
hdfs - 5937 . 
update readme . md 
update setup . bat 
update docs 
regenerate gradle - wrapper . jar using 1 . 10 
added blank pages to defaut . pdf for whiteboard 
update readme . md 
test svn binary updated 
increase now header text size . 
restore animated - gif support to the comparison app 
update changes . txt 
 ' 0 . 13 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
a separate todo for book - info branch 
updated test_jruby . 
updated titan configuration image . 
 / / android - query . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 628 d864b24f - c464 - 86f1 - a23f - 96be1521e7f2 
 / / hazelcast . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 2067 3f8e66b6 - ca9d - 11dd - a2b5 - e5f827957e07 
add travis config 
updating the index file for design proposals 
added storm - 1118 to changelog 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 30 - snapshot ' . 
fix reviewboardrc 
added missing @ override in hazelcastclientproxy . 
supported bash instead of sh in dserver . sh 
snapshot 
fixed mysql datetime test case 
touched up readme 
fork compiler to attempt to stop build server errors 
added missing break in case 
lps - 28250 baseasyncdestination should shutdown attach threadpoolexecutor on close 
added changelog 
lrqa - 29462 rename and move staging test 
new pic 
updated changelog 
added max memory for javadoc vm 
update logerror . js 
updated version to 1 . 1 for release 
better intellij idea support in the gradle build . 
update gradle build tools 
remove the newline 
bump version 
add devunwired as contributor 
add build in start 
try to fix travis 
new icon , now with 100 % more checkboxes 
lps - 14981 headercacheservletresponse should not propagate contentlength setting to outer response object 
moved from services - > downloads for gradle 
change javax . servlet to ' provided ' 
update spongecommon 
update readme . md 
changed version to 0 . 1 , since the 1 . 0 was just the default version which maven generates for you . 
ensure input buffer is empty before processing a new connection 
journal - terms - of - use packageinfo 
disable ' prefer - es6 - class ' rule for eslint . 
include graphite_prefix in graylog2 . conf 
fix for # 36 , only sign on upload 
remove debug flag 
fix doc link for optimize documentation 
update version number to 3 . 2 . 2 
change source folder to a maven complient forder 
release 1 . 3 . 3 , bump version to 1 . 3 . 4 
switch to bin - only gradle wrapper 
added ycsb . jar to dbcompile classpath 
update build 
bazel_apple_test 
 ' module ' object has no attribute ' skip ' 
bundle netty 3 . 4 . 0 
large index . list 
add asciidoc floatleft style , tweak float margins 
lps - 64704 packageinfo 
changes 
update secure notify link 
listen for connectivity_action in gps provider 
update pom info 
set changes . txt git merge driver to union 
new icons for experimental mode 
update spongecommon 
sonar - 1992 upgrade to jtds driver 1 . 2 . 4 
fixed a bug on limited cursors 
add storm - 1899 to changelog 
camel - 2833 committed the missingg file of java . jpg 
fix checkstyle tool reference to be 7 . 3 . 
only updateparallax ( ) if not on last slide 
indexrangesmigrationperiodical should use a daemon thread 
remove vbox / shared directory from . 
upgrade asset pipeline to 3 . 2 . 0 
bump to 3 . 3 . 0 - snapshot 
move to medium . 
icq connecting animated gif modified 
add cas - server - protocol module for protocol documentation . 
set the pythonpath on windows 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - beta1 
sample - 1 . 3 . 7 
replaced broken resource ; changed format to binary 
upgrade to elasticsearch 1 . 3 . 6 
fork a new test jvm every 10 classes when on cloud ci . 
bump version to r08 - snapshot 
fix positioning of the root view content ( frame - > bounds ) 
set last_subscription_check after check 
modules / core / portal - bootstrap / system . packages . extra . mf regen 
add phony target to makefile 
modify license note on readme 
fixed bug # 1762702 , false alarm in hideutilityclassconstructor check when class has only static methods but contains non static fields 
let ' s see if travis ci can deploy multiple branches 
don ' t kill softly - that doesn ' t help . 
fixed build when running under teamcity gradle runner . 
update readme . md 
fixed a typo in the html5 form externs 
updated jorbis library to 0 . 0 . 17 
added missing early_stopping arg from glm r wrapper . 
push version to 14 - beta2 , 11260 . 
switched to new parent - central pom , which changes the maven site skin 
update changes 
updated changelog 
add a camel - kubernetes example - fix docs title 
thank you for facelifting aimsicd , @ larsgrefer ! 
changed build version for beta 1 
prepare 3 . 5 . 0 snapshot version 
make sure asynctask sens a null result to onpostexecute ( ) when cancelled . 
remove nonsensical test 
fixed name 
temporarily disable unit test 
update jar 
updated readme version 
skip test that cannot find a dataset 
add travis status icon 
print a message to the log when a file can ' t be opened on the client side . 
updated submodule to point to the branch with the additional stuff for the copy action 
niek sanders - kafka - 284 fixed compilation issue for cpp client 
lps - 57140 we use a hidden . 
remove keys 
handle new nack packet in timeline 
add 5393 to changes . txt 
add docbook note and tip images . 
publish ui - kit version 1 . 2 . 1 
lps - 49294 add comment back 
lep - 6392 - datepicker and dialog zindex problem 
add demo gif 
yet another readme update 
update proguard config to keep base preference class 
update apk 
fix incorrect class name in testtexturearraycompressed 
prepare release apns - 0 . 1 
further xxxhdpi cion work 
fix typo in scripting module 
update readme . md 
revert " changed name for me " 
make native_window_set_usage be a static inline 
update news 
increment version by travis ci build 145 
add a method to destroy the rs object . 
update readme . md 
test suite now uses rhino 1 . 7r2 , too . 
making thrift usage thread safe for local cluster 
update spongecommon for cause npe fix . 
travis build fix 
added basic build script for windows 
further shard out experimental_ui_test 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 9 . 3 
update mmx emitter to 0 . 3 . 6 
update blockoilstill . java 
prep for dev 
rc - 1 / 208 version bump 
updated changelog 
kafka - 2185 ; update to gradle 2 . 4 ; patched by ismael juma ; reviewed by jun rao 
removed tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 1 
use fprintf ( stderr 
remove debuggable = true from manifest 
changes 
library version updated to v1 . 1 
make it a 1 jvm test again 
update uml 
remove spurious documentation file 
instead of none . 
restore native synchronization functionality by loading proper module . 
added comment to pom to explain spring - web requirement 
remove gedit from all - bindings as it will be shipped upstream 
update gradle version as required for android studio 0 . 2 . 
ninja - correct news . txt typo ( uses to - > used to ) 
debug shippable build 
improve test data for enumautogeneratedmethods case 
update lexer_action . 
test fixes - portlet / blogs 
style tweak for performance report . 
and remember to make the event class static * sigh * 
print dex output to log . debug , not log . info ( cherry picked from 
make the eclipse build use cross - project dependencies . 
renamed sugar lib 
bump version to 1 . 0 . 0 - alpha . 2 since douyaapikey support is ready . 
update readme . md 
fix es / upstream commit pointer 
add benchmarks - build to travis 
lps - 51565 use the default set in portal . properties 
lps - 55275 exclude unused war file from deployment of tck wars 
publishing to our releases to our private maven repo for internal testing 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 2 . 7 
add jetty logging to jetty - deploy 
add cloud - aws module 
added jar file 
remove etherpad / appjet - eth - dev . 
rc - 1 / 237 version bump 
fix missing spring - instrument jar manifest entry 
lps - 67049 move unit test to correct module 
add lib / interpreter to classpath to fix interpreter installer 
textfield ' s cursor doesn ' t blink in gwt backend 
updated the changelog 
sonar - 989 add loading image on black background 
update library reference 
removed a check for root 
added storm - 1526 to changelog . 
updating changelog for storm - 681 
updated link to hector in the readme 
update changelog 
update readme . md 
turned off debug 
update changelog 
preparing for release v0 . 8 . 6 . 
update core module 
added another location of metastore_db in . 
deprecate commandfailureexception . getcommandresult 
stop forking every test , this may trigger some build failures which will be investigated as they come up 
lps - 14632 subscribe to comment should not be flagged by default 
two incorrectly deleted icons restored 
make sure messageview menu is configured correctly 
update readme . md 
inserted missing " new " 
update smackx without debug info , was causing some problem advertising features on macosx with java 1 . 5 . 
use latest android sdk with buck build 
update logo in art folder 
reverting back to guice 1 . 0 due to compilation issue with jdk 1 . 5 
update gl2 - rest - client submodule 
bump to the newest release 
renaming directory dynamic programming to dynamic 
update issue_template . 
updated changelog 
threadsallowedtoblockforconnectionmultiplier 
pom . xml 
update android - iconics 
hiding soft keyboard on site selection 
updated the camel jira url 
minecraftforge / fml @ 4512f8e5e316ddaf6a4fe35470f1f88dcdddae1a warn when the objectholder finds nothing in the registry . 
updated changelog 
do not merge - updated vpnservices stat_sys icons 
s / artifacts / generated files / 
fixed pom . xml as reported by shang in the ml 
 ' 1 . 3 . 14 - snapshot ' . 
avoid duplicate graph acyclicity checks 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 2 
allow access to the type " componentvillage " 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 257 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
improve javadoc in blockdoesnotexistexception 
android natives in tests 
should have child graphs . 
fix the label for a redis parameter 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 111 
remove temp after_script 
use fakeroot 
setting release version to 4 . 0 . 0 . 
updated version info for v0 . 8 . 10 release . 
update jar 
remove myname accidentally included in one of the files 
update to floatingdecimal 0 . 2 
 ' 1 . 5 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
added docs for the docs . 
add code style settings for android studio 
adding storm - 625 to changelog . 
adjust output with group information 
cleanup remove unused file 
fixed link to tribe . asciidoc 
use java 1 . 7 for gradle generated idea configuration 
ban @ seed from test 
lps - 47465 missing packageinfo 
update readme to include minsdk version 
better resume on assert in debugger tests 
make sure argumentsadded flag is set correctly . 
change test to nopass 
tachyon_ram_folder in tachyon - env . 
live template support for bindows ( ideadev - 17261 ) 
forgot pom file update 
switched again to the custom tinkerpop blueprints to fix problem with last second change on orientedge and orientvertex constructors made protected 
create todo . md 
increment of invalid packets counter needs to be concurrent because it is used by both sender and receiver threads . 
update demo 
todo 
did not mean to rename the file ! 
binding / java to use gradle 1 . 10 to run . 
observable . just ( throwable ) dont emit an error , will resubscribe again . 
add materialdrawer to sample 
gradle update 
remove unnecessary dependency on clang headers . 
 ' oss - netflix - servo - release - 0 . 4 . 34 - snapshot ' . 
added storm - 376 to changelog 
explicitly set - source 1 . 6 - target 1 . 6 
update readme 
userguide fix 
remove unused import in indexedsettest 
adding influencer , influencers 
sonar 
changed minsdkversion to 8 
remove extra whitelisted branches . 
merged and added screenshot . 
changed table headers to nowrap 
exported project formatting settings 
tfj - 126 dispatcher thread should be held statically 
update pom . xml 
re - enable email notifications 
updated netty 
update readme . md 
lps - 9801 when searching for a default workflow link it should do a fetch to avoid a missleading exception 
proxy string added 
update spongecommon 
bump the version to 2 . 0 . 2 
adding php solutions submodule 
using new package 
fix checkstyle violation - extra import . 
fix for tab width , also adding placeholder for experimental mode 
delete intro . png 
use a better icon ( unfortunately , it still doesn ' t get scaled nicely in the download window , at least not on my test on ubuntu ) 
small fix for install - dependencies script 
bump to version 5 . 4 . 0 
lps - 59178 extract ntlm . jsp 
fix regexpquerybuilder # maxdeterminizedstates 
 ' 0 . 17 . 0 - rc4 - snapshot ' . 
fixed the re - enabling of hint ( ) 
module . getoutput method now returns real module output 
test rebase 
lps - 66951 add " lrqa " ticket prefix 
package 
accept children of all types for navigationheadertitle 
add dependency of grails - scripts on grails - resources . 
fix test failures for cassandra - 5175 
added missing benchmarkrunner config for svenson json databind 
updated changelog 
update gradle - wrapper . 
xhtml formatter disabled 
checking for isadded because of a null - pointer exception 
version . txt for release 
update jar 
jetannotationentry # getcalleeexpression ( ) by stub 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / users - admin / . 
rename release - process . 
update readme . md 
suppress checkstyle warnings due to travis failure because of huge logs 
add ' build - bootstrap - artifacts ' target to build . xml 
bumping gradle to work with android studio 2 . 2 and the gradle plugin , i should have done this last commit 
fix bazel - j2objc repo name to use an underscore 
readme 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 55 
updated tz database to version 2006m . 
update delve version 
hopefully fix for mystical " export . core not being set " error 2nd 
added storm - 1413 to changelog 
update readme . md 
added support for custom expressions 
fix textappearance readme format 
bump up version number . 
prepare for next development iteration 
frontend - taglib - soy 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
move source and target version to 1 . 7 
set archive base name for ' admin - ui ' plugin 
fix syntax error in wercker . yml . 
appveyor . yml cpaitialization 
00 cst 2015 
 / / android - query . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 4 d864b24f - c464 - 86f1 - a23f - 96be1521e7f2 
removed unneeded import . 
update changelog . md 
forbiddenapis version bump ( # 3294 ) 
updated readme . 
linux apparently didn ' t like the syntax for the new ' - agent ' handling in the startgrails bas script , so trying something different . 
bumped to v0 . 8 . 10 - snapshot . 
when manually setting the uri pass it through to the badge widget . 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 105 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
release plugin updated 
rename eclipse project to gibber to match everything else 
removed ci . build = true 
upgrade audioplayer to v1 . 0 . 12 
fixed javadoc for zipalign path getter 
update readme . md 
set compile encoding to utf - 8 
updated version 
fixed a typo xlst - > xslt 
added ` future ` dependency to list of python tests 
made deviceprofile constructor public 
updated changelog to reflect release 0 . 49 . 4 
fix xhtmltext . appendbrtag ( ) 
skip this download / copy unless it will be used . 
upgrade to okhttp 3 . 3 . 1 
make checkstyle fail build for unused imports 
updated version 
422 use exec to make it easier to kill the process 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 0 
drop jdk6 from travis build 
travis test 
mark jspcompilationcontext # removed as volatile , 
build new pre release b5 
polished readme . txt 
prepare version 23 - beta5 . 
rename example python script to show it was inspired by pandas . 
moved to multijvm with h2o init of 3 jvms 
add maven test flag to prevent ci build from failing fast 
enable sdk build again by default ( seems to work on travis now ) 
fix ci link 
remove class committed by error 
clear power use when removing a uid from uid_cputime kernel module 
small update to the readme 
wfly - 5547 singleton - deployment - 1 . 0 . 
add a method to get the recipe . 
add storm - 1937 to changelog 
next developement version 
use $ { project . build . directory } rather than directly using target 
add changes . txt for ndp . 
fix typo for setting selection drawable 
lps - 56904 move / copy icons 
fixed travis build tools version 
changes in samples master branch 
enable faster travis builds 
tfj - 231 reverting twitterstream # setstatuslistener ( ) 
go back to slf4j - simple for now 
correct changes . txt entry for hdfs - 5399 ( contributed by jing , not haohui ) 
make cfinfo a static inner class 
update build . gradle to reflect minsdk 11 
mark documentsui as a " privileged " app . 
fixed official api name in docs 
added storm - 1476 to changelog . md 
use 14 as minsdk for crash 
bump the version number to 2 . 0 . 6 
add sudo required to . 
update changes 
add ultimateandroiduicomponent project in demoofui 
add netbeans gradle integration files to . 
update readme . md 
to english dictionary 
map key_appselect to app_switch . 
move deeplearning . java to h2o - algos . 
majorversion 2 . 18 
enforce uselesssuperctorcallcheck of sevntu - checkstyle over checkstyle source code 
when changing an account ' s visible limits , try to reset folder visible 
snapshot 
rc - 3 / 317 version bump 
turn on validation of xdocs 
add foo . jar to fix broken build 
mark source as " safe " when copying it over 
jackson should be test scope for camel - core pom . xml 
update readme . md 
prepare next release v0 . 90 . 2 - snapshot 
add buildsrc to allow use of spock - gradle from spock build 
minor fix to log4jconfig . 
make entityjoinworldevent cancelable properly 
added cobertura and coveralls support to travis build . 
add conditional to windows echo off for debugging purposes . 
moving restspecandbasicunittest to test / unit / voldemort / server / rest 
update todo list 
 ' 0 . 19 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
bump version to 0 . 0 . 2 - snapshot . 
disable annoying npm progress spinner 
add 0 . 142 release notes 
resolve bower dependency conflict , hang ( zeppelin - web ) 
majorversion 2 . 19 
updated changelog 
new icon for data source import 
a little bit more verbose excetpion when gles20fix fails ultimately 
added travis - ci 
preventing upload of signing . properties 
updated documentation for hairlinewidth 
update readme . md 
fix typo in inspection description 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 38 
ibatis - > mybatis 
added testapplicationid 
renamed the project to testing - utils . 
fix maven uploading 
changing release number in properties file 
todo 
create readme . md 
depend on newly rebased version 
note about the surface update 
has a normal dependency on jline so that it gets picked up by the assembly 
snapshot 
lps - 67596 keep the daemon disabled for now 
updating sqlcipher core to 2 . 0 . 6 
lps - 69990 uses last version of source formatter 
bump to 2 . 0 . 0 - snapshot 
update jar 
removed unused import . 
enable external contribution on singlejar 
petra - io - delta 1 . 0 . 2 packageinfo 
update xstream for idetalk 
change version to 3 . 5 . 2 
fix sql toc 
use primitive type int instead of integer 
lps - 53136 we should really add a bnd for this file . 
track rename from base / to android - base / . 
signed contributors agreement 
once force for readwritebuffer succeeds the buffer is clean 
reset stanza queue when resetting xmppconnection 
krakatau update 
add colemurray to contributors 
 ( hopefully ) fix travis removing javadoc / reports in case of build / test failure . 
fixed paths to local maven repo 
add a comment on a missing feature 
remove support annotations dependency as it is already a child of the appcompat - v7 dependency 
upgrade avro to formal release candidate ( v4 ) 
update to latest android build tools 
fix buildtoolsversion 
prepare project for the next development iteration 
revert " investigating hudson build failure " 
recognize api 25 as nougat 
remove overscroll_edge . png from drawable / 
tool for dumping logical log 
fix pom . xml 
have travis compile with openjdk6 . 
update example gif 
add openjdk8 to travis test environments 
default build number for local builds 
use loadqueryinfluencers . none from statelesssession 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 1 
upgrade to jboss - parent 12 
jsvc actually wants the method to be named init , not load ( contrary to what their docs state in at least one place ) 
re - added eventdistributor call to dbtasks . updatefeed ( ) 
fix big margin - bottom under table 
updated changes . txt . 
new bugs 
sonar - 6590 catch and log exceptions raised when stopping ce container 
fix html task inputs . 
update submodule 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 58 
made clearpermissions public . 
idea - 127069 help button added to the mercurial update project dialog 
bump version numbers for release of pegasus 1 . 9 . 23 
upgrade to apache commons codec 1 . 9 
bump version 
excluded nightlytest in the default build profile 
properly close div 
make the r hdfs tests run again . 
lps - 55691 bnd 
updated changelog 
add missing ' & & ' to build . bash 
changelog release prep 
update bsd64 native 
prepare rc1 
preload resources $ defaulttimezones . 
deny once on dialog timeout 
made sure the sliding menu buttons only exist on mobile devices in portrait orientation . 
sonar - 1851 fix version of maven3 artifacts 
update spongecommon for interactentityevent cancel fix . 
rename activitycompat23 . java to activitycompatapi23 . java 
removed groovy - all - 1 . 0 - jsr - 03 . jar . 
lps - 36171 make sure to null the layoutrevision of the previous check failed to return 
don ' t need the groovy plugin . 
change podspec version to 2 . 0 . 0 . 6 - snapshot 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 85 
update sample lib version 
microoptimize peekableinputstream ' s peek method to not do an extra 
 / / bigbluebutton . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 422 af16638f - c34d - 0410 - 8cfa - b39d5352b314 
lps - 50757 can we use the existing . 
expose network_score_service as @ systemapi . 
add a dummy . 
lps - 65482 prepare root dir for opensocial plugins 
added package . html 
lps - 39388 convert the subscription_sender destination into synchronous mode when using a synchronous mode testing 
added storm - 603 to changelog 
updates changelog for v1 . 2 . 0 releaes 
fix a typo . 
java . lang . nullpointerexception at . . . 
revert " add launcher testruntime dependency to plugindevelopment " 
add workaround for chrome layout bug 
sonar 
don ' t need to call removelisteners ( ) in newt 
fixed bug in music when stop ( ) is called . 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
make sl4j - simple dep scoped to the tests 
 / / bz . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 57265 
input method root view should have bottom gravity . 
wrong vm name 
remove < pre > borders in result frame 
travis requires the ' tools ' component to build with android build tools 23 . 0 . 2 
travis . yml config update according to travis - ci / travis - ci # 1409 
updated changelog 
actually add the images to the build 
update release - notes . 
add ryan spore to . 
update joni to 2 . 0 . 0 
allows agent error - handler to send successfully . 
only apply signing to deploy phase 
don ' t print to stdout from commandlineoptionstest 
moved methodvaluesserializer from main to tests so no dependency on gson . 
tag the eventpoller with comment to indicate its experimental status . 
clean properties 
remove newline from end of . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 103 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 43578 hide control panel site selector icon by default 
remove unused proguard files 
update license 
add notransformredirect header 
update build . gradle 
update readme . md 
add a suppress warning 
lps - 278 - liferay . language . get - avoid cache empty language values 
update changes 
fix unit test 
journal - web packageinfo 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 5 
fix ticking on the server 
lps - 5906 related modification in asset renderer 
fix correct version number to readme 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 60 
fixed console for ipython > 0 . 10 ( py - 8758 ) . 
updated gif 
bump usage - statistics plugin to 1 . 2 . 1 
fix debian build 
fixes nullpointerexception when trying to call a source contact ( ldap , google contact , etc . ) , which has more than one phone . 
jsp admin 
servlet api 2 . 5 + is acceptable at runtime 
update changelog 
update readme . md 
nullable 
pub 960 to nofeat until tweedie in glm 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - beta2 - snapshot 
add protocol . base_ethernet 
hiveserver2 help command is not recognizing properly . 
fix rtl layout in recent apps , landscape mode 
preventive update - api as the build may break . 
add suppress warnings for spatial . getuserdata ( ) 
update changes 
update sample . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 14 
gradle daemon is a demon 
lps - 12026 portalsessiondestroyer needs to register itself to portal lifecycle 
fix a component href attribute update 
ninja - correcting the the constant for local_one in v2 of the native_protocol doc . 
version bump to 1 . 6 . 0 - beta 
disable summary report 
00 cst 2015 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 82 - snapshot 
remove google play services from travis config 
re - committing robolectric 
add scenario name to test stub 
enhanced windows installer images . 
intermittent test removed 
fix potential index exception in forgedirection 
lps - 48468 - dependencies 
update changelog 
log what you are going to upload 
upgrade zkclient to 0 . 8 
lps - 54555 make sure our cache listener is invoked from ehcache . 
docs fix top matter 
test to see if we can get past ci slump 
vaulttool and a script 
updated to new release of builder library 
update readme for new version 
readme updated 
fix loadsourcemap problem with annotation section that prevents it from being loaded by packager . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / osgi / . 
wip5 
updating the version number 
returning the defaultcatalogname if it is not null . 
add lint abort to demo ' s gralde build script , ps for travis - ci 
libs - new to libs - > jnigen 
lps - 47449 - we should map all left / right properties . 
shading the orbit - agent - loader in orbit - async 
update realmtest . java 
lps - 33820 pacl - update the filechecker with modern logic - include the actual root dir 
upgrade to gradle 2 . 6 
update spongecommon 
fix spongecommon ref . 
make travis use oraclejdk7 instead of openjdk7 
changelog update . 
update readme . md 
release notes 
smack - 443 remove duplicate notifyreconnection ( ) 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / bookmarks / . 
update src zip for updated v4 support jar . 
ticket # 937 requires change to fake - dom . 
putting viewer window in middle maximizes window for viewing cam 
fix wrong intent being passed in phonewindowmanager . 
upgrade es upstream 
added websettings . setsaveformdata ( false ) on saml dialog 
idea - 51936 ( intellij hangs on synchronize ) 
revert " set changes . txt git merge driver to union " 
create test 
updated changelog 
update travis ci play dependency 
update h2o - devhadoop . 
bug 333717 httpclient can ' t get local listen address , http exchange can return the local address used for the connection . 
update readme for button effect attr 
fix typo 
update target api 
whitelist camera permission for setupwizard 
set cache dirty when re - create the cache bitmap 
fix for # 81 upgrade to netty 3 . 4 . 0 . 
added demo gif 
remove applicationid from library build . gradle , as this will fail builds on gradle plugin 1 . 0 + 
disable non - jdk8 builds on travis 
update jar 
updated to fml 149 , should fix all ticking issues with modloader mods 
replaced activiti cycle logo with beta logo 
updated readme 
add option to add jars to the classpath via environment variable to pick up the mysql connector jar which is not distributed . 
upload mini logo . 
talkwithdriver . 
remove profiler arguments after start ( py - 15771 ) 
add screenshot 
update readme . md 
removing newline from eof . 
cancel any running bottomsheet animation when the view is detached 
update readme . md 
give graph - builder jar a better name ( updates # 244 ) 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 69 
update spongecommon ref 
snapshot 
add fmj logging 
rethrowexception ` wraps ` throwable ` s in ` undeclaredthrowableexception ` , 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 59 
moving st . h back 
update readme . md 
bump the version to 2 . 0 . 3 
remove local_jni_shared_libraries_zip_options 
notnull 
update stun lib 
update to latest spongecommon for naming fixes . 
add changelog for june 2015 
upgrading parent version . 
adding dbclean for qa infrastructure 
still having problems with version - updated to a new one . 
pregenerated skeletons for macos x 10 . 6 
log type of unexpected quorum packet in observer loop 
upgrade to elasticsearch 1 . 3 . 7 
fix include path for compat lib . 
build buck as a standalone pex file 
minor javadoc plugin edit 
bump otto 
when type is not hadoop # , type is not key in url_template 
add storm - 853 to changelog 
add ' realm - ' prefix to examples sub - project 
fix wordpresseditor example build 
version 0 . 9 . 8 
updated sample apk version code . 
bundle testng 5 . 13 
add session constant for user home page 
journal - terms - of - use packageinfo 
travis integration 
fix invitation request from persistent gc 
fixed copyright date 
added length ( ) 
prepare library for future development 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / wiki / . 
update contributors . txt 
 ' curator - 1 . 3 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
support library not provided 
dispose click handler properly in collapse binding . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 130 - snapshot 
minor text change to beginrecord ( ) reference , per processing / processing - docs # 274 
only require signing when releasing . 
track right branch 
lps - 66883 layout - set - prototype - impl semver 
update readme . md 
add undefined to byte encode java - 54 
removing building of air client for now . 
note that upgrade requires a full cluster restart in changes 
fixes issue with light theme 
error - > warning 
rm video file 
aligned dashes of script 
rm en strings = > app_name 
use vm default tiered behaviour 
remove redundant cleardir in build . xml 
updated the ancient rdf - graph - model . 
resolving ' return is unnecessary as the last statement in a ' void ' method ' tcbuild = 438 
prepared for next development iteration 
upgrade to forbiddenapis 1 . 4 
adding travis support 
trivial cleanup in test 
add the most important settings to set when using es by default to the configuration 
readme telling where to find the source of jps 
update animationsdebugmodule to output more accurate fps info 
added rendered version of logo 
fix screen magnifier scaling due to scalegesturedetector changes . 
delete old jar 
add junit jar 
delete watchinputpng 
make log4j an optional dependency 
publish ui - lib version 1 . 2 . 2 
revert " android package name requires at least two segments " 
update latin names 
update java keystore for dropwizard - example , fixes # 919 
lps - 51081 renamed to setupportaltools 
idea - 123529 no retina icon for changed file 
update readme . md 
hhh - 6495 adding a comment and reference to jira issue 
added line for cassandra - 5542 
move to netty 3 . 2 . 3 . 
sync - engine - renable 
don ' t initialize eventtracker onload 
supporting api changes in django 1 . 10 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc4 - snapshot ' . 
switched to latest jar 
reset joda - time to use system clock after test . 
update spongecommon for build fix . 
update win32 - x86 native 
updated todo 
prepare for 4 . 1 . 6 development 
have project ' s build . gradle look for a build - extras . 
rc - 1 / 162 version bump 
remove @ experimental annotation now that this ( = v2 api ) has been online for more than a month 
removed tag flyway - 1 . 7 
 ' 2 . 0 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
forgot to add wrapper version 
lps - 34594 all the plugins in the sdk has a reference to portal - master project . 
updated the changelog 
update to latest android iconics - core 
improved readme formatting . 
fix typo in ticket number 
set self . camera to nil when stopping session 
simple copy update to the primary readme 
added self to travis notification list 
stats . clj divide by zero exception 
move unittest . groovy template 
lrqa - 16067 add list of product names into test . properties 
import_frame - > import_file 
update gradle 
textisselectable = " true " to comment detail 
improved favicon ( again ) 
update changes . txt 
bumped parent versions from 2 - snapshot to 2 
remove unused string 
removed groovy . properties ( no longer required by eclipse plugin ) 
update readme . md 
disable tests of categs server and administration 
tab police - a minor infraction ; ) 
update travis to the latest build tools 
correct png names 1 
lps - 8765 nested portlets - users cannot add portlets after changing the layout without refreshing 
update android - support - v4 to revision 19 . 1 
highlighted cells not refreshing fix 
use openssl 1 . 0 . 2d tag 
revert " lps - 39793 disallow undeployed portlets to be invoked by portlet container " 
hadoop - 5849 hadoop - env . 
added some trace to test . 
database migration fix 
update travis 
upgrade okhttp 3 . 1 . 2 - > 3 . 2 . 0 
log exception if it prevented to start the git process 
fix npe if there is no accelerometer . 
a temporary fix for " waiting for service drm . drmmanager " . 
lps - 9938 ant javadoc fails with error gc overhead limit exceeded 
do not enable binder exception logging . 
update changelog 
fix incorrectly renamed addactivity in manifest . 
update _dark . scss 
update readme . md 
added eclipse project settings to . 
make class non - public 
checkcanceled 
change image name from tachyonslave to tachyonworker 
turned on jspc compile for plugins target 
changed a typo from shnapshot to snapshot = ) 
update readme . md 
moving logo to wiki 
release prep 
fixed asciidoc issue 
don ' t need the travis - ci config in this branch 
removed non - existing ( and unused ) test folder from pom file . 
 / / android - query . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 343 d864b24f - c464 - 86f1 - a23f - 96be1521e7f2 
 ' 1 . 56 . 49 - snapshot ' . 
make it clear that detailast is not meant to be extended by check authors 
next development version 
add storm - 2110 to changelog 
configuration is no longer final 
update changes log 
update package . json 
update readme . md 
speed up travis by disabling default gradle assemble 
update travis 
upgrade mockito to 1 . 9 . 0 
notnull 
upgrade to mockito 2 . 0 . 56 - beta 
include source in javadocs . 
updated cyglaunch . exe 
images for installing under ubuntu 
adding idea specific subdirs to . 
fail build early if tests fail 
updated elasticsearch upstream to fix flaky tests 
added private constructor to threadsafelazyloadedivorytower . 
scroll test was missing an index - fails when other indices present 
reduced the number of projects in the ` largejavaswmodelproject ` performance test build , to balance size of the build against performance test duration . 
bump maven version . 
upgrade to parboiled 1 . 0 . 1 
upgrade of samples 
adding latest version of butterfly ( that supports module autowiring ) 
update spongecommon for projectilelauncher fix 
bump spongecommon ref . 
released orientdb 2 . 1 . 0 ga 
moving docker over to source versions from github 
enforce the rule that the timestamp from timelapse video source monotically increases 
upgrade to bytebuddy 1 . 4 . 5 . 
make nio not be enabled in the example config for now . 
added description to project 
mention enhanced push notification 
lps - 61288 don ' t include the header require - schemaversion in web modules . 
triggering the build 
added storm - 616 to changelog . 
upgrade to shadow 1 . 2 . 4 . 
test fixes - social office - dependencies 
attempt to fix grails - functional - tests 
cleaned build . sh 
close cursor 
lps - 63407 build . xml 
lps - 45449 language key 
update style . md 
only include junit in tests . 
get test_model_management . py running with check_sandbox_for_errors . 
update release - notes file 
create _mrachini . scss 
update readme 
 @ notnull annotation 
increase start - timeout for qa - tests 5x to 150s 
updated changelog 
delete unused file 
change branches built 
remove unused files , re # 322 
make " - f " work in tachyon - start . 
changed dependencies back to snapshot versions after tagging 
started to author the services conf section . 
make this public to expand how the class can be used for unit tests . 
cache android sdk on travis ci . 
updated changelog 
change scaletype to fitxy for now . 
update readme . md 
update contributors . md 
revert " marked class as abstract " 
removed the debugging output in the lexer that printed out each token 
explicitly tell netty to not use unsafe 
suppress bogus warning in shardsorter 
update fml to fix modloader / addoverride functionality . 
update to latest build tools 
increment version to 3 . 2 . 1 . build - snapshot 
remove snapshot version for plugin for debian profile prior release 
update readme . md 
language keys 
fixing test case to use relative search . 
actually generate the start scripts . 
removed crashlytics from . 
enabling the / tests / modules 
don ' t require the sysctl file to exist when deleting it 
using a function type in a supertype list removed from the test 
fix accidentally pushed compiler . xml 
fixed scale on user transform 
add limit_partition_metadataonly . 
don ' t trim trailng whitespace from markdown files . 
use mavencentral ( ) while jcenter ( ) is unavailable . 
update to latest ` fastadapter ` v1 . 5 . 1 
add slaves 
ensure rcntxtinterface has virtual dtor 
update actor - ratchet . 
broken testdata for extractsuperclasstest fixed . 
correct wrap_on_typing field name in codestylesettingscustomizable . 
update ant to 1 . 9 . 5 
fix typo for networkingprivate . wimaxstateproperties extern . 
updated transfuse - bootstrap to latest 
make spark . response ' s body method public ( # 8 ) 
first jar of croutons for your project ' s libs folder 
added index graph for wiki documentation . 
updated slovenian translation 
remove old groupid 
version bump to v1 . 6 . 8 . 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc3 - snapshot ' . 
close input and output streams 
fix mutliple test binding for killbillnodesapi 
update readme . md 
update list of places to change in case of a version bump 
ensure activity finish ( ) when you exit and lock 
use ics 4 . 0 maps api . 
fix migration inconsistency 
add xxhdpi nav drawer indicator and shadow . 
re - enabling jetty - all aggregate for release process 
fix possible npe on response recycle . 
updated changelog 
added missing author tag 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 64 
lrqa - 25107 add interface data for lportal_bs backup server . 
target android m . 
add storm - 1573 to changelog . md 
added uid to updatetyping 
update spongecommon for backwards compatibility fix 
update to the latest fastadapter v1 . 5 . 2 
added storm - 848 to changelog 
lps - 3461 fix mail persistence 
readme 
lps - 68937 ( service ) move log4j xml 
update changes . txt 
lrqa - 16345 reduce the size of test . plugin . groups . size to 10 
imports need to be changed as well for pgplugin 
don ' t include grails - core in pom 
minor date update to upgrade 
minecraftforge / fml @ 4ca6f6e19f3c3147fcf48c58669f55478a9a1345 what a dumb oversight . 
fix up warning about line possibly being null . 
wfly - 3356 move schema file to correct dir 
added storm - 1115 to changelog 
lps - 45564 add missing @ override 
use both jdk7 and jdk8 in travis 
updated changelog 
update readme . md 
addition of a sample build config file for local parameters . 
hive - 5780 - add the missing declaration of hive_cli_service_protocol_v4 in tcliservice . thrift ( prasad mujumdar via brock noland ) 
convert to wp7cordovaclasslib for 1 . 5 . 0 ( + ? ) 
update holocolorpicker to use build tools 20 . 0 . 0 
 ' 0 . 6 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
ensure not to commit the " chromedriver . log " 
make all ipreachabilitymonitor log messages have the same tag 
rm unused import 
remove uncessary include for skporterduff . h 
update readme . md 
cb - 8314 speed up travis ci ( close # 148 ) 
snapshot 
back to 3 . 1 . 0 - snapshot until the next rc or the final release 
remove destroyed audioplayer from list of audioplayers 
update readme with correct version 
changes 
bit jre rename 
core needs resources - http at runtime . 
update travis configuration to build all branches 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 3 . 
upgrade to netty 3 . 5 . 8 
updated to new wrapper version . 
updates maven release plugin config to enable auto versioning of submodules 
switch back to master for h2o_release_tests jar download 
upgrade to assertj 2 . 0 . 0 
list count of entities for greendao access test . 
disable bundlor in cas client as it seems to be breaking nightly build . 
upgrade to elasticsearch 1 . 7 . 3 
unnecessary clearcaches 
make the new terminal a controlling one . 
upgrade scala to 2 . 11 . 6 
hadoop2 is active by default but also explicitly activated on jenkins because there ci profile becomes active 
added sky biome for the skylands . 
fml update for 1 . 4 
update to android gradle plugin 1 . 2 . 3 . 
publish res lib version 1 . 1 . 0 
markfortessellation shouldn ' t be public 
update configuration on mapreduce 
moved index . html to googlechartsexample folder 
add deviceeventemitter require to nativemodulesios docs 
rename ruby partial 
upgrade to netty 3 . 8 . 0 
default name strategy for xml attributes rolled back 
changes 
update for 1 . 3 . 1 release notes . 
version bump to 1 . 1 . 0 - beta 
update readme . md 
added out to . 
update scala formatting in intellij_formatting . jar , and rename style to " druid java and scala style " . 
wip4 
minecraftforge / fml @ 10b16d32da4b7c32b15e69cf1c636505ebbe2540 use json 2 . 9 . 1 nightly for osx in release json like vanilla does . 
fix old jersey - version 
travis 
update proguard - rules . 
adding todo file . 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
log cql statement type 
enable custom boost assertion handler 
release version 3 . 2 . 0 . 
jna version was updated . 
version is needed , so the ide won ' t complain again . . . . 
commons math 3 . 6 
remove unnecessary call . 
upgrade rxjava from 1 . 0 . 13 to 1 . 0 . 14 
new icon 
consistent background color 
release 0 . 111 
updated version information 
closeconnectionafterfailattempts deprecated 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 92 
fix testdata 
align two copies of clock2 . java 
update readme . md 
update readme . md 
fix post - 6717 driver issue with indexes 
save storage format version after successful cleanup 
empty method in testclientcommandhookfactory ( peter vary via ashutosh chauhan ) 
forgot to import h2o_hosts ( when used for multi - machine ) 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc3 ' . 
always obtain connection id from the handler ( which will never be null - 
add a fix for sockets in close_wait state . 
lps - 54838 remove journal portlet key from portal 
add missing specialized implementation for counted / count on stringseq . 
update checkstyle version to 6 . 16 . 1 
now with newline at eof . 
bumped up intro sub - section of transactions to be first paragraph of transactions chapter 
changed version to 0 . 1 , since the 1 . 0 was just the default version which maven generates for you . 
add sample apk 
fix line - height for code 
removed cofh from checked files 
set correct version 
lps - 43499 packageinfo 
added sudo false 
pause button in playback service notification did not react 
add eric to contributors 
missing info 
fixed variable name to trigger travis sub - build 
rename abstractmetaqmessagesessionfactory . java to abstractmetaqmessagesessionfactory . java 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 142 
double tap to zoom in and out 
updated latest version in docs 
lps - 50752 move wall constants to api 
version = > 2 . 0 . 2 
add a minor change to trigger travis 
updates library / pom . 
updating manifest 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portal . kernel . dao . search , increment version to 6 . 3 . 0 
outdated version of javaee_web_services_client_1_2 . 
formdata should accept blob too . 
update readme . md 
update changes 
update apk 
fix debug / release build propagation to sub projects 
upgraded vaadin version 
automatically adding " package . . . " when creating kt file in package in project explorer 
fix typo in benchmark readme 
add storm - 1876 to changelog 
sqlcipher core 2 . 2 . 0 tag 
rename jsonhelper to jsonhelper . java 
move slf4j from research to core 
jetty - 1080 - update version . txt 
bumped version in reference docs 
add freebsd sigar libs 
fix a typo in canhandlebinarynatively ( ) , shouldnt take an arg 
update version 
majorversion = " 2 . 26 . " 
update spongecommon for chunk cache fix . 
update changelog . md 
corrected css for ' poweredby ' 
added storm - 1160 to changelog 
fix build script 
fixed small bug p . close - > pconstants . close 
started work on the icq / aim protocol provider implementation 
fix ui overflow problem on issues page 
update changes . txt 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc14 ' . 
lrdocs - 3116 remove liferay portal from the version 
update license 
lps - 45853 i see it as / * skin * / in a bunch of * . 
update spongecommon to revert inventory fix . 
update readme . md 
travis build fix 
added license comments 
update readme . md 
update changelog . 
added a clarifying note . 
update radius - authentication . 
lps - 52171 newenvtestrule . runinnewclassloaderstatement should reset methodcache after run , to release references to the new classloader , so that it can be gced properly 
added pom signing to release on maven central 
compile with jdk 8 in travis 
update agrona dependency to 0 . 3 . 1 . 
lps - 15662 options icon in portlet title bar shows weird text 
updated changelog 
added slack notification 
support libraries for new source filtering ; 
update admintools . md 
add ninjaexception . gethttpstatus ( ) 
fix balloonloadingrenderer nullpointerexception 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 86 - snapshot 
update com . android . tools . build to 0 . 4 . 2 and set build option encoding = utf - 8 
rc - 1 / 200 version bump 
update snapshots less often 
add application class . 
ivy cache is now local to prevent cache conflict with other ivy using projects . 
removed empty string 
update readme . md 
changed screenshots 
bump version to 0 . 0 . 7 - snapshot . 
add sources for log4j . 
still create the archive name for core as elasticsearch 
hbase shell now runs through symlink to initialize tables 
rc - 1 / 340 version bump 
update for dataview changes removing the need to include datamanager as a parameter . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 91 
no exception if multipart input stream incomplete 
update spongecommon for projectile impact events . 
updated changelog 
prepare next release v0 . 89 . 2 - snapshot 
added valueshape enum 
add travis file to continous integration 
update readme . md 
updated changes 
added storm - 1180 to changelog 
avoid the confusion of " all others . 
compilesdkversion corrected 
remove support lib from library . 
bump pro dogfood build nubmer 
update spongecommon ref . 
fix the syntax of script tag width type = " data " 
don ' t use unicode type for python 3 stdlib annotations 
update travis config to use build tools v21 . 1 . 1 
don ' t show upload info 
nux signup - layout issue in landscape 
updated changelog 
needed for publish target in ant script 
upgraded mockito to 1 . 9 . 0 . 
update spongecommon 
bumped up parent pom version to solve custom checkstyle issue 
updates the windows jni ffmpeg bindings used for h . 264 encoding and decoding to r16801 in order to match the mac os x ones . 
delete screenshot_one . 
log error initializing packrat monitoring 
deleted old readme 
update build . gradle 
lps - 48827 make it obvious it ' s generated 
update netty to version 3 . 10 . 3 . 
utf - 8 encoding 
oromatcher and commons - net updated to 2 . 0 . 8 and 1 . 4 . 1 respectively . 
add compaction marker to in - memory list of components . 
rename hebrew code from he to iw . 
updated changelog 
remove ' incubating ' from 0 . 9 . 3 release 
adding aggregates to main build for release 
icons update 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 127 - snapshot 
fix findbugs 
fix early session termination in falsingmanager 
more contributing . 
bumped up intro sub - section of transactions to be first paragraph of transactions chapter 
update build . gradle 
upgrade to maven assembly 2 . 2 
 ( fix ) stoprecording method is not defined , switched to stopcapture to fix . 
added new device profile xml 
update readme . md 
make the cassandra working dir fixed 
smack 4 . 2 . 0 - alpha2 
additional changes for jsonschema moving into community , build scripts 
revalidating the papplet on resize , so child components ( like glcanvas ) 
remove todo comments 
 + x for wait_for_emulator 
youre killing me travis 
update library reference 
bump version number to 2 . 0 . 5 
corrected configuration . xml version to 7 . 6 
incremented version properties 
add missing new line at eof 
added changes note . 
update readme . md 
fix accidental conversion of copyright from atlassian - > mongodb in a 
update spongecommon for item dupe fix . 
update spongecommon for block pre cause fix . 
update readme . md 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 81 - snapshot 
turn off availability of sudo in ci build 
next development version 
lps - 61070 add cached theme wars 
remove explicit target 
prep for next development cycle 
leading decimal point can be confused with a dot 
gulpfiles , gruntfiles 
symlink regexes . yaml before running python test . 
add storm - 1207 to changelog . md 
update ibm icons 
removed unused import 
h2 upgrade 
add 2 . 2 . 1 to the version lookup table 
explicitly catch security exception 
set version 
update keyword . asciidoc 
prevent that the workaround app fixing the lost of credentials in jelly bean replaces the authenticator in the owncloud 
a test for jet - 53 support import of individual classes from java packages 
remove double setting clear 
added svnkit jar back 
deltaspike container control dependency in camel cdi should be optional 
log stack traces of test failures to the console . 
updates python package requirements file . 
updated jstl dependency information to use correct group name . 
fix the build 
fix title of jsp module in comment header 
fix testdata 
don ' t upload dists as part of release ( for now ) 
set demo script to ' use strict ' for embeddedapp 
next release will be 1 . 0 - milestone - 1 
remove invariant from require ( ' react - native ' ) 
added missing list_benchmarks test 
add stacktrace for travis . 
fix onmoveshouldsetpanrespondercapture 
update readme . md 
add main idea icon @ 2x . png 
yarn - 1765 . 
value_count supports script per 1 . 1 
update multiwords . txt 
fix project . properties files 
dist com . android . nfc_extras . jar . 
bumped library version to 1 . 5 . 0 snapshot . 
initial , working re - import of test - harness . 
change copyright year in notice 
replaced macosx javaapplicationstub file as it appeared to be corrupted . 
tryna merge dem files 
updated changelog 
fix for failing test 
use correct version of jna for gstreamer - java ( 3 . 5 . 1 ) , should solve 
 / / svn . igniterealtime . org / svn / repos / openfire / trunk @ 9942 b35dd754 - fafc - 0310 - a699 - 88a17e54d16e 
launching travis ci 
remove swp file 
update version of api_demos and change android . jpg demo image 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 3 . 
update readme . md 
adding dir db / gemfire / lib which is required for compilation 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 2 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
move java source to correct directory 
accidentally a word . 
use joda - time 2 . 8 . 1 
set user language to " en " for all integration tests 
added storm - 1248 to changelog 
updated version . cfg 
current version of kevinsawicki wishlist is 0 . 4 
stop graylog2 server after test runs 
launcher now launches non blocking process ( so no console keeps being open ) 
maven warnings on build start 
bump the version 
camel - 10331 , fix adoc file 
update release notes 
rename view drilldown / _severity . erb to _severity . html . erb 
build - tools version has been increased 
fix for # 308853 ( update test suite to junit4 - module jetty - deploy ) . 
instead of libunwind7 - dev just request libunwind - dev 
fixing the problem where new users get permission errors on login 
 " trie " 
fix null in help output 
build . gradle 
add after - success to travis . 
added storm - 787 to changelog 
id - based equals & hashcode generation 
change test to nopass jira in current sprint 
lps - 39337 wiki pages linked using mediawiki shows up as orphans 
update fml 
added tools . jar to compile class path 
update readme . md 
and a concurrentmodificationexception in the same code 
restore development version number 
fixed nullable / notnull annotations . 
update gradle - wrapper . 
fixed command in readme . 
show hand over gutter apply icon 
forced multiple line breaks between different files while merging them to make markdown separation between chapters 
add 0 . 138 release notes 
fix wiki link 
idea - 151696 add ' liskov ' to the intellij dictionnary 
added missing changelog entry for recent commit ' expose close ( ) in crate client ' 
gdx - 0 . 1 . 
force suspend all for rstudio - server stop command 
update changelog 
changes . txt for cassandra - 1800 
adding soot with mac rt . jar fix 
tostring ( ) should return null literal 
fix jira link in pom . xml 
upgrade to okhttp 3 . 1 . 1 
contacts - service 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
show about to exit immediately 
refresh scss files in development 
add srclib build repository . 
update readme . md 
terrorist version bump to 1 . 4 . 4 . 1 for windows build fix . 
 / / android - query . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 77 d864b24f - c464 - 86f1 - a23f - 96be1521e7f2 
updated the version . 
 - scripts active scanner should be category misc not injection 
move test sources 
updated build number 
adding changelog 
build tools version 
update readme . md 
add www - symbolmaps to apparmor profile 
fix retina help button for graphite 
update ad_token . 
add image for actionbar logo navigation 
fix datasource references . 
push version to 17 - beta2 , 15031 . 
explicit import std . 
fixed terminal div line height 
testdata file 
update license 
bump to 6 . 0 - beta - 01 . 
bump commons - pool2 to latest version 
change base image for dockerfile to latest openjdk 8 
update spongecommon for pagination and data fixes . 
release notes 
fix exception name in java 8 readme ( # 3 ) 
preparation for ninja 3 . 3 . 3 release . 
remove patch verb , not supported by httpurlconnection 
bumped parent - pom - > 7 
bump spongecommon ref . 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / nested - portlets / . 
run versioncheck periodical with 5 minute initial delay 
rename , now that it ' s more than just releases 
update icon for mvc namespace 
jdbi 2 . 63 
public constructor 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 101 
fix for grails - 7680 " gorm namespace handler - move spring . handlers and spring . schemas to meta - inf " 
update readme . md 
make the reading of the version file possible from any folder 
log actual error message instead of ' exception during pool ' 
adding shim . r to description 
remove duplicated whitelist properties in readme 
temporary disable install core deps 
mv file 
do not perform forcevolumecontrolstream in master volume mode 
added storm - 1214 to changelog 
fix some test failures 
updated fake - dom so that body has append / remove child 
bump of org . sonatype . oss parent to version 7 
updated copyright date 
updated the flexlib library and added tooltips to it 
update readme . md 
added oraclejdk7 , openjdk6 , and openjdk7 to travis ci configuration . 
rename main file 
update systemenvironment . java 
change formdata to accept only strings 
describe bbb - commons 
update spongecommon 
stop handling animation once navigator is unmounted . 
add imergeiterator 
lps - 67944 include jar with the bundle 
storm - 243 , modify storm . cmd for running on windows 
updated to latest drlvm - vts - bundle commit . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 86 
mvn does not seem to be correctly updating using apt travis addon 
change test message 
upgrade build tools 
update test . sh 
added httpclient 3 . x to supported modules in readme 
add a grey line to the top of the search plate image so it doesn ' t 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 82 
update jar 
update copyright year in reference documentation 
add bin directory to . 
listen for ssh clients on all interfaces , by default 
lps - 65492 prepare root dir for sync plugins 
download from hilbert branch . 
re - enable graph test that was creating some issues on network , now should go seemless 
clear error correctly on removing class to bind ( idea - 32484 ) 
test against socket . io 1 . 2 . 0 
lps - 55310 remove packageinfo 
gh - 51 improved random number generation performance and add exponential distribution support ( sears ) 
travis should also run npm test . 
change dupcloselogenable default false 
updating versionname / code for 4 . 3 release 
lps - 65490 prepare root dir for wsrp plugins 
started jcache configuration docs 
adds pavlo lysov to the list of contributors 
removed unnecessary import 
lps - 43494 - tag with a single long name overflows the preview window in add panel 
changed openid filter to use its owen ordering value as it may be used together with form login . 
don ' t remove meta from arg vector in maybe - destructured , fixes clj - 887 
lps - 70060 update gradle distribution 
fix buck build on java 8 
improve library description a bit 
update arsenal image 
fixed test data after idea update . 
release info 
include what you use 
use the right site search id 
compilesdkversion 21 ( was 19 ) 
add new renderer to the top of the renderers list 
install kramdown 
lps - 27200 jetty needs jndi 
updating license to 2014 . 
launch a new window 
add maven support 
remove unused background drawable . 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
isconversionneeded ( ) should respect projectlibrariesconverter . isconversionneeded ( ) 
remove todo 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 139 
added a sample . pdf that will display by default in the demo meeting ( thanks to the new upload extension to create ) 
added linux binary 
updated changelog 
updated to 1 . 2 . 0 
remove orientation spam 
create readme . md 
border - box . 
fix build on win32 
adding storm - 1954 to changelog . md 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - alpha4 
post release version bump 
initial travis configuration . 
deprecating externalresources . 
custom maven target to build " mvn clean package " + oraclejdk7 
lps - 47148 - hide select boxes for mobile devices instead of touch 
add wget to yum dependencies 
update icons 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 9 - snapshot ' . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / item - selector / . 
update changelog . md 
upgrade to android - gradle 0 . 14 . 0 
added extension to the list of modules to build 
patch runactions . js 
updated readme 
fix a constructor declaration to match its definition . 
default margin of 8px on preview body 
update to plugin with fixed distribution build 
update readme . rst 
 ' 0 . 7 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
prepare for next development version ( 0 . 4 ) 
adding maxmemory setting for javadoc generation 
update contributing . md 
upgrade to okhttp 2 . 7 . 0 
add storm - 1895 to changelog 
update readme . md 
fix autocraftingtable not respecting the doremove flag . 
cas1200 - switched the english language bundle to be the default . 
using gradlew for release 
clean project . properties . 
lrqa - 27731 update poshi runner version 
use scope = test for dependencies used for testing 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 117 - snapshot 
windows version of tools . jar 1 . 5 . 0_15 
readme . md fix 
bump version to 1 . 2 . 4 
update gradle . properties 
fix ' react not found ' issue 
update app version number 
make file 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 97 
use more forks and less iterations / fork in jmh config 
lps - 42492 com . liferay . portlet . asset . model , increment version 
fix the group name and the artifact id 
change autoload default value 
update readme . md 
update android - maven - plugin version so that project builds with new build tools 
trigger data connection update if network type changes . 
atomicdouble comment fixed 
update readme . md 
reneable lrusoftcachetest as camel - 4069 is long resolved 
update build . gradle 
make hazelcastinstanceimpl non - final to be able to mock 
update readme . md 
revert inadvertent edit to uploadjavadocs . sh 
minor , add tostring ( ) to packagefragmentdescriptorimpl 
update readme . md 
slf4j - simple was updated to 1 . 7 . 16 
adding - - force when pushing to gh - pages seems to fix things . 
documented empty content for jsonpath and xpath fix 
if exceptionsmanager . handleexception throws , throw the original error 
changed travis to cache deps 
added some changes 
upgrade to vaadin 6 . 5 . 4 
build . properties fix 
avoid returning permission . none whensystem_auth . 
added new migration file with the new attribute " notes " 
lps - 52326 - properties 
remove dead store to environmentconfig . 
prepare next release v0 . 87 . 3 - snapshot 
one more apoc - > neo4j 
update maven . md 
added refresh icon for portlets 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 17 
 ' 0 . 4 . 44 - snapshot ' . 
update ' modules / apps / sync / . 
even smaller screenshots 
update gradle android plugin ( # 828 ) 
added storm - 1012 to changelog . 
test fixes - pgwebformtestcase - test . properties 
fix background color 
update changelog 
wrap on typing option for java 
add storm - 1404 to the changelog . 
fix pom 
reveal getpositionforview ( view ) 
smooth wasn ' t properly set when writing new fonts with the create font 
recreate after import 
added if without else to increase test coverage 
added maven enconding property on build - tools project 
lps - 16866 sort module paths 
updated link to library 
open chat windows minimized when they should not get the focus 
update spongeapi 
bump bintray release version . 
extra @ override 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 10 - snapshot ' . 
move meta - inf / plugin . 
add notice file 
update to gradle 2 . 10 
adding 7 . 0 . 1 - snapshot section to version . txt 
fix migration name 
fix travis ci build 
using jdk6 and jdk7 in travis 
change version 
fixed small jump in expandable list items example 
update readme . md 
lps - 68922 bump package version 
upgrade ivy 2 . 2 . 0 rc to final 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 2 . 7 
mark resourceentry . loadedclass as volatile . 
add a blank line to try and test github webhook 
bump spongecommon for various updates and fixes . 
make rctrootview propage motions 
set toolclass of itemwrench to " wrench " 
js path 
removed big radius from cluster health badge 
enable caching for ` patchexternalmodules ` 
don ' t nuke file when updating the docs . 
set line endings to auto 
idea - 95319 update snappy to 1 . 5m2 
 ' 1 . 1 . 113 - snapshot ' . 
update changelog . md 
more todo item 
allow moe to copy natives when running from xcode 
lps - 7524 forcibly kill dbbuilder process after building database 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - rc5 - snapshot 
reverting pom change 
updated mockito to 1 . 8 . 0 
minor path fix 
version to 1 . 2 . 0 - snapshot 
add missing travis ci components 
update icon in manifest 
linux opengl things were missing 
temporarily disabling tests to prevent unexplainable yahoo ! and msn failures and get a build 
minecraftforge / fml @ 4aa2416ce5dcd8e77761703c018d1e7d08464025 propagate optional method removal to trait implementation classes 
test with more recent gradle 
fix malformated code - block 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 34 
add missing ` @ override ` annotation . 
added redraw on set image 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / site - navigation / . 
latest version of jna ( supports 64 - bit macos x ) 
remove pre - loading of inner class that was removed as part of r605000 . 
updated changelog . txt for 2 . 8 . 1 . 
add lint debugging to travis . 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 1 . 4 . 1 
prepare release acra - 4 . 6 . 0rc1 
updating tomcat ' s copy of bcel as far as r1748500 ( more to come ) 
use avro includes and aliases in order to have less duplicated structures . 
add ' modality ' to spelling . txt 
allow null values for json in collectionmetainfo 
update readme . md 
screenshots 
try new fast test branch on travis 
give otp - geocoder a nicer name 
reserve plugin id for absence of anti - csrf tokens 
freshen screen shots in help screens 
add eukaryotic to det_a . 
version bump ( rc1 ) 
excluded failing unit test clustermanagertest in nephele / nephele - clustermanager / pom . 
upgrade junit to 4 . 8 . 1 now it has made central repo 
provide default empty value for auth - token 
update spongecommon for inventory dupe fix . 
return true if multitouch zoom / rotate end has been handled 
upgrade to elasticsearch 1 . 7 . 1 
update changelog . md 
prepare for development 
use final where suggested by the ucdectector 
enhanced build time ( ~ 40 sec ) by updating the maven - javadoc - plugin 
todo 
prepare version 27 - beta4 . 
updated changelog 
re - throw exception . 
add debian - sid for apt sources to get libunwind8 - dev 
update changelog 
fixed incorrect exe name in uninstallservice . cmd 
update icns and replace 16x16 @ 2x to 32x32 to look better on retina in application folder 
update spongecommon 
add release notes 
override travis default script 
remove title , gets set dynamically 
lps - 57171 tina , is there a better way ? 
update version to 1 . 3 . 0 - dev for new release 
add spring - boot - dependencies to prepare phase 
make scripts executable and fix travis config to use container - based architecture . 
set for release 
idea - 115227 no auto completion for non getter jsp expression language methods 
added missing @ support annotation 
add changelog for deprecate abstractvalidator default constructor 
made sure samples are generated before performance test runs . 
class should be extensible . 
add missing clean - up of idmap file descriptors . 
try to give gradle more memory for ci build 
updated jline 
updating logo 
minor bug fix to notification sounds 
readme . md update 
lps - 54533 removes css references 
remove javadoc option that fails with java 7 
do not leak locale alert dialog 
fix layout . 
formatting readme markdown 
making runcurrtest do a very simple test 
fix a margin # ux 
update library reference 
removed credentials from script ( although now they ' re changed , i suppose it doesn ' t matter ) 
the content of the adapter has changed but listview did not receive a notification . 
remove node version from travis config as it ' s now maintained by mvn 
updated fml 
lps - 45246 don ' t capitalize the site title 
reduce proguard obfuscation 
 " - added / improved a few rules " 
new test 
add dependency - reduced - pom . xml in . 
sonar - 2701 fix vertical alignment when spark lines are displayed 
do not call processdrminfo if acquiredrminfo returns null 
lep - 6067 - consolidating the sharing links ( forgot the actual sharing image . . . ) 
lrqa - 30029 add highest rated assets to the test properties 
todo 
disable error prone plugin due to multi - project bug 
update release version in readme 
added tests for domain types 
removed unused import . 
smartlist . set shouldn ' t increase modcount . 
removed accidental system . out commit 
notnull 
remove interface disable in wifistatemachine 
revert gradle version to 1 . 6 to bypass oss build issue with gradle 1 . 11 . 
no need to set an id for the include anymore 
fixed typo in check . nginx 
add back dev profile 
added fenwick tree ( binary indexed tree ) to the readme 
prepare release checkstyle - 6 . 12 
build new pre release b6 
upgraded maven - source - plugin from 2 . 1 . 2 to 2 . 2 . 1 
correctly delegate to base idea layout in pycharm ce build 
remove mvn push plugin 
asm test fix ( wrong jblist usage ) 
adding super . ondestroyview ( ) to injection reset documentation . 
update to android gradle plugin 2 . 1 . 2 . 
update spongecommon for spawnentityevent fix . 
trigger happy with the last commit there . . . jdk 1 . 6 actually includes jaxb already so we don ' t need to download it 
bumbed version number 
update troubleshooting . md 
travis plugin and profile for coverall . io 
add an ensureopen check to publication . hasbeenconnected ( ) . 
lps - 20211 - messed ui in web content edition layer 
updated ioutils again to fix some bugs 
fix readme 
no longer final 
new icons for experimental mode 
try increasing ram for the gradle tests 
download apk 
fix volatile missing 
bump equalsverifier to 2 . 2 
boom 
added facade class diagram 
update jarjar to release version 
thanks thomas sanchez for the recent code cleanup patches . 
print when tests start when building on a cloud ci server . 
release heron - 0 . 13 . 0 - c ( 2016 - 03 - 09 ) 
zoom 
lock down to karaf release version 
update jar 
h2dialect should use " if exists " when dropping sequences 
updated to hive 0 . 7 . 0 jar from trunk , rev 998029 
using sqlcipher core 2 . 1 . 0 
fix position of icon in the workspace window 
correct a typo 
use uname - m when uname - i fails 
add files via upload 
add antlr - 3 . 1 . 3 ( should have been in r761805 
do not request a display device that does not exist 
center empty message for show list . 
check nonce count 
add ' inheritdotparams ' roxygen keyword 
use local installed pybabel and i18next - conv 
docs and examples gf package should be part of the main project build 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon for cause fix . 
update todo 
snapshot 
updates the chat room guest icon . 
server depends on xml . 
use same options on dependencies and bundle commands 
lps - 67839 create project build . gradle 
fixed loading of inner classes that have package prefixes . 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 48097 
 " edit " is always disabled ( edit - > edit note ) 
update readme . md 
updating version . txt top section 
improve ant task for fetching wiki pages , no build fail when data cannot be loaded 
update example to have a synthetic constructor when compiled 
lps - 53669 set cluster property to false in portal tools to allow automated clustering tests to run 
lps - 48300 add @ override 
build is fixed , removing the workaround added at the last commit . 
small layout improvement 
install function should also be defined on the childbrowser , not the prototype , for complete consistency with ios api 
gradle - 530 use a new snapshot 
force compile source from utf - 8 . 
test 
workaround for gingerbread overscroller bug which resets image translate to 0 . 
raise visibility of netty channel builder ctor 
tmuxinator config file that starts up a graylog2 development environment 
fix bad xml 
reverted build tools . 
addeded bigger titan logo . 
remove more generated stuff in clean . 
oracle jdk 8 
update ppc64le natives 
liquibase upgrade 
added shadowbase64 to default shadows 
removed unnecessary import . 
ensure that the text background is transparent by default 
added storm - 1841 to changelog . 
move to utils 
added travis ci configuration file . 
build jar dialog bugs and usability 
deleted unused changelog 
use parallel migrate tool with additional bdb locking 
add storm - 1705 to changelog 
fixes the travis script 
fix wrong delete operator from previous change . 
disable parallel execution of web tests with coverage 
revert " audioflinger does not need libmedia any more " 
update crf model 
import annotations into core 
use container - based infrastructure for ci 
fixed a bug with scrollbars in android 2 . 2 
raise prerequisites to maven 3 . 0 
update travis 
updated changelog 
use new cnc filename . 
keyguard isn ' t visible if it hasn ' t been drawn . 
updated changelog 
updates incoming call video and merge call icons . 
fixed value for android . r . attr . searchsuggestthreshold 
czech 
add a package private settyperegistry ( ) function to compiler 
update changes 
downgrade to netty 3 . 9 . 6 . 
updated support section 
add < shadedartifactattached > true < / shadedartifactattached > to libthrift7 pom 
next development version 
update example image 
adding instruction to fix build on maven 3 . 2 . 
adds $ home / bin / artifacts to $ path of watchdog script 
readme change reverted 
move runit to pass . 
fix release ( ) call at wrong time . 
test . 
idea - 71837 github import fails silently 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 5 
nullable rolled back 
since reported as a bug so add the reference 
bump version number to 0 . 5 - snapshot . 
expando - taglib 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
changed android compilesdk 
update storm dependency 
deleted org . zlibrary . view package 
lps - 46296 - dependencies 
new gif 
use guava rather than google - collections 
replaced gnu gpl with apache2 reference ( of - 65 ) 
lps - 48153 disable for now 
readme . md updated 
updated readme with change to how to set port 
no 2 . 2 driver 
make the rootpath directory generic 
removed itemstack import 
update readme . md 
fix broken test 
remove runit_nopass_rdoc_prcomp . 
moving unit test dir to match wildfire packaging 
required pig to be included in the build file for script view to work properly . 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 55071 
typo in readme . md 
update xstream 
mention added english rules 
update travis . yml 
update volumeslider for cordova 2 . 0 
update packer ng jar to 1 . 0 . 2 
lps - 20294 remove caching of journal tokens 
tagging v1 . 1 . 2 . 
lps - 64991 force ivy . xml files to unix line endings , so checksums match 
update gradle 
changed the uri of the submodule repo 
added x86 directories to . 
marked vines as a soft block 
bump version for commons - beanutils related to previous revert 
add the minimizejar option so that the mvn - built jar is a little smaller . 
bump version to 0 . 0 . 8 - snapshot . 
work around gcc 4 . 0 . 3 bug . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / ratings / . 
experimenting with looptest and jenkins 
lps - 13868 eval_page is not a legal return value for dostarttag ( ) in any case 
accidentally put a flow thing in h2o - 1 doc . 
fix travis config 
lps - 55252 publish new css builder 
fix travis 
update readme . md 
updating history . 
upgrade gradle build tools 
update travis build to auto - build new 2 . 8 branch 
updated changelog 
added cache infinispan to root modules . 
update spongecommon for moving ' leaf - decay ' to global config . 
remove duplicate definition of log_chk in filevec . 
update jadconfig to version 0 . 4 
as7 - 5700 changed byteman to be a test scoped dependency 
updated to lwjgl 2 . 9 . 1 
updated changelog . 
upgrade to airlift tpch 0 . 4 - snapshot 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 7 
update changelog for storm - 546 . 
update readme to point at robolectric 2 . 4 . 
upgrade gson to 1 . 6 ( from 1 . 5 ) , seemingly minor performance improvements 
update cas theme , and added a sample theme 
fixed packaging api in jar 
bumped dev version to 1 . 1 . 4 
wrong null check in textview 
version in versioned need not be volatile since we never update it . 
give the in - progress code a snapshot version number . 
added subsequencecounter class 
update art file 
fixed a typo in the enum for unknown camera error message 
fix clipboardmanager # hastext 
fix fml ' s package for net . miencraftforge on maven . 
add git properties 
lps - 67352 add check ' nowhitespaceafter ' 
incrementing api target 
 ' curator - 1 . 3 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
remove alluxio - env . 
lps - 69762 update package info for com . liferay . portal . kernel . template 
update version naming 
set minsdkversion to 15 
bump version for testing purposes 
missing break fix 
kafka - 1681 ; newly elected kafkacontroller might not start deletion of pending topics ; patched by sriharsha chintalapani ; reviewed by jun rao 
update gradle 
added asm to license document 
fixed for queries against legacy kairos instances # 192 
bumping version number of jadconfig to fix inheritance issue 
added folder for the visualization project . 
new todo item 
add changelog note 
don ' t keep the folder choice activity in navigation history 
lps - 60972 readd portal - test * to eclipse and idea 
add missing super call , as spotted by nulano 
fix string bug 
date error in changes 
lrdocs - 2841 apply to kb 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 87 
make test depend on preparebasedir . 
runit_glm_covtype_getmodel . 
removed title since we don ' t support that yet . 
eap candidate 
add default ctor to lexer 
fix activity background color ; 
update version number . 
changed dependency on neo to b7 . 
update build . gradle 
new jar file 
first stab at travis 
update graylog2 - rest - client submodule 
add changelog entry for kotlin compatibility 
specify in - place property for jcombobox ( ideadev - 9314 ) 
update gradle instructions for 0 . 1 . 1 
correcting version 
add perfclasses as dependency to build . 
added changelog 
add release notes for v1 . 1 
add a comment for sigmoid_predict in svm . cpp 
update ad_token . 
jodd in action image 
it works ( i fixed it for 6 . 0 . 20 ) but it still needs docs . 
fixed bug in org . parboiled . common . reference 
updated changelog 
getproject ( ) into base class ; 0th step to p4 have refactoring 
correct the file version 
include server examples in the build . 
moving web - admin page for stun server from openfire main sources to plugin . 
make viewholder less visible , static . 
removed accidental import which was failing jenkins build 
removed unnecessary coffeescript dependancy . 
fix 34 - beta1 release date . 
update android plugin to 2 . 1 . 2 
update news 
add new ril command for sending ack to solicited async and unsolicited msg . 
rename license to license - 2 . 0 . 
make project name distinct from src / grails / build . 
no testlib tests in build - tools / build . 
more abstract branch icon 
updating version . txt top section 
adding storm - 714 to changelog . md 
update build . gradle 
can ' t have empty sections . 
add test resource 
updating log statement to reflect the correct chmod values 
update app version 
fix visibility of prober to public 
added multichat operation set definition and gibberish protocol implementation . 
standard error reporting for the plugin 
update notice file 
testng sources update 
changelog for 0 . 9 . 0alpha10 
throw an exception if unsupported verb is used 
update location module ( with the correct branch this time ) 
remove codec - snappy from the module list 
adding hero image . 
delete previewgif . gif 
copy for tag roboguice - 1 . 1 
increased build version to 0 . 51 . 
adding voldemort module 
never prompt on replace all button from editor header 
update readme . md 
fixed bug 747400 , emptyblock does not accept stmt option 
update news 
removing below toolbar because there is no toolbar 
do not delete " build artifact " option from run configurations 
added description for ignoring keystores 
update travis config to build - tools 23 . 0 . 2 
move runit to pass 
added the manual to the build . 
rename for letter case 
perform target . findusages ( ) if no psi found 
updated changelog 
add skip " stash_in_path " feature to nodes . info / 20_transport test 
added another elastic note about missing additional fields in quickfilter 
test data 
version updated 
added openbeacon reference to platform list 
upgraded to quartz 1 . 6 . 1 
added tag 1 . 0 - rc1 for changeset 4daa5ed3ef0e 
sonar - 4746 fix textarea style for ie8 ( . . . ) 
re - title changelog to release notes . 
update readme . md 
testing svn access 
lps - 41919 - it appears that include - and - override = portal - developer . 
fix travis 
updating version . txt top section 
cuke4duke convention is to run env . groovy before / after methods first / last 
update demo build . grade of the center method 
adding datasketches module to top level pom 
added some inspections to pythonalltestssuite 
updated changelog 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 9 
use gradle 1 . 0 - milestone - 2 
prepare version 19 . 0 . 2 . 
remove unused const to clear compile warnings 
readme 
update gif_encoder readme . 
bazel_test_test 
add storm - 1928 to changelog 
temporary fix for cassandra - 8326 
stop gradle from destroying intellij project settings 
add russian disambiguator 
pull oy for release 
fix the bug that the view by ` setview ( ) ` may not be in center ~ 
disable cameraservicetest in a normal build . 
remove parse integer logspam 
update jdbi to 2 . 63 . 1 
use correct file extension for preview htm 
add readme file to test svn sync 
new npe is spellchecker when using japanese language 
fixed a typo 
idea - 85912 add mnemonic for push button in the git push dialog . 
sample app v1 . 0 . 2 
added storm - 508 to changelog 
clean up plugin directory structure 
tweak design proguard config 
make indexertest fail if the test environment doesn ' t have ctags . 
publish gradle - dependency - management artifacts 
sip status icon 
replaced accidently committed jar with original hibernate 3 jar 
change bin / create to use bash as shell 
remove final 
removing internal functions from keywords . txt 
jetusertype # gettypeargumentlist by stub 
log fix 
final post release 
lrqa - 29409 rename test file 
dsetroy map with map store test 
upgraded maven - clean - plugin to 2 . 5 
add custom config for plugins path as well 
cvexample . 
adding changes entry for and baf36c4 
upgrade to joda - time 2 . 9 . 3 
reduce length of compile command 
added files via upload 
lps - 22792 moved from portal - service to portal - impl because the class is internal to model layer ( no logic changes ) 
update changelog . md 
use rstudio ace fork ( instead of jcheng5 ) 
set visible pack to empty in vcs log ui in dispose idea - 120539 
upgrade jackson / xml converter 
add syntax 
stdexcept header needed on debian . 
badge is hidden when dragging a bubble , re # 59 
upgrade to guava 17 
update changelog 
test . pkm , our own pkm based , zipped format for etc1 textures . 
temporary disable js test 
lps - 18199 - remove double forward slash in js file path 
avoid profile . gettimezone ( ) nullpointerexception 
added clover license 
add newline for github not to cry 
replaced play - services dependency with play - services - maps 
return version to 7 . 0 . 0 - dev 
moving s3 file to nopass 
adding icon for attic and modified firstfloor icon to exclude the attic . 
updated changelog 
add example gif 
bump debian to 3 . 0 . 7 
correct png names 2 
update readme . md 
update engine copylibs jar 
jal - 36 add image notes to good for proprietary licenses 
removed android 16 / 19 to test drive 
upgrade to hsqldb 2 . 3 . 3 
accept ' indices ' and ' formulae ' 
update changelog 
use robolectric 2 . 2 
increment version to 4 . 0 . 0 . build - snapshot 
update readme . md 
added getcontext to fakedialog 
fixed faulty travis config . 
don ' t delete build output before attempting to deploy it 
updated changelog date and version 
core - 2481 primary key creation issue with informix 
ensure self . geterrordisplayforchar always returns str 
update changes 
make getallresult a static inner class . 
update tuprolog implementation 
rename menu . md 
lps - 53366 - turn off the setup wizard when starting up test bundle 
update readme . md 
added changes 
set release version to 3 . 1 . 0 . 
update issue_template . 
added victor to the contributors list 
have rctbridge . loading return rctbatchedbridge . loading 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 116 - snapshot 
fixed so that the javadoc build on java 8 even if all links are not correct 
adds storm - 1400 
dsl . currenttimestamp ( ) cannot be used as a default value for a column , via altertable 
update tablelist . md 
new loading . gif file for 1 . 0 
fix build for windows by adding quotes around sbt . 
reverted javac version to 1 . 5 in build . properties 
switched to ' ps auxww ' for more details 
renamed a method for better readability 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 4 . 1 - nf2 - snapshot ' . 
update sdk build tools to 24 . 0 . 3 . 
gui resources moved to main resources folder 
update supportanimatorlollipop . java 
add files via upload 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / comment / . 
 - omitstacktraceinfastthrow to the teamcity tests to prevent stackless aioobe there 
added missing property for playwheninactive . 
update contributing . md 
lps - 65311 prepare root dir for chat plugins 
cont ' d travis inno setup config 
keep retain files out of eclipse bundle 
update changes 
updated link to library with relaxed timeouts 
moved to gradle - plugin 0 . 10 
change name of compilation config scratch storage 
fixing file api lastmodifieddate type . 
adds zk . properties for unit test 
upgrade buildtools to 24 . 0 . 2 
stacktrace 
lps - 48539 move pacl files also 
update readme . md 
lazy - 0 . 11 
set read_requires_write when initiating a handshake 
updated reference to library after filtering not public shares 
 ' 0 . 14 . 8 - snapshot ' . 
menu icon for find and replace 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 3 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
update readme . md 
throwexception 
move to a new versioning scheme . 
move invalidateplugins ( ) call to correct place 
trigger enabling of ndo when startprovisioning ( ) is called . 
added travis ci configuration 
create readme 
private constructor for the factory class . 
lps - 58043 move to portal - service to avoid dependencies upon portal - impl 
lps - 36082 - testsuite 
turn on declaredglobalexternsonwindow for everyone . 
changed to vertexuniformvectors 
change contact list height ; 
bumping up findbugs plugin to 2 . 5 . 2 
updated todo 
adds storm - 1383 
replace pgplugin interface with cdvplugin 
updated huxi - gradle - plugins 
add debugging info for travis . 
missing new line at the end 
increase maxpermsize 
revert " force using hadoop - minicluster 2 . 3 . 0 " 
rc2 - snapshot 
smack 4 . 0 . 0 - rc2 
shutdown for netty wheeltimer added 
added nbproject / private folder to . 
updated file 
fix a description of a viewpageraction for tests . 
update news 
make migration script picky 
updated changelog 
add 3997 to changes 
release build configs restored . 
added throw new unsupportedoperationexception ( ) ; to remove ( ) 
add functiongraphic 
cache maven dependencies in travis 
convert view to wxtextview 
fixed location for release notes 
review - 2462 fixed the problem in defaultcacheaccess 
add high_level . 
update changelog . txt 
moved compilesdkversion and buildtoolsversion on top level build . gradle 
revert " test travis build " 
enable jdk8 on travis 
move verifyingobjectstore into ql package ( navis via ashutosh chauhan ) 
dialogwrapper . seterrortext can be now invoked after init and before show operation 
lps - 61889 relax calendar validation so doesn ' t fail when exporting 
included ` traytester . jar ` 
fix to live query hook , it has to be executed on every node 
fixed , that ` body ` is not required in the " explain " api 
prepare library for release 2 . 1 . 2 
upgraded to joda - time 2 . 9 . 2 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 87 
removes icon for dark theme setting 
test a fix 
rename copying file to license 
update readme . md 
bump version to 2 . 1 . 0 - snapshot ( includes api changes ) 
help id for compiler configuration page 
fixed scope of junit - dep ( only affects grails 1 . 2 ) 
updated link to library in develop branch 
add @ suppresswarnings ( " serial " ) to an exception . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 54 
updates to android support v4 jar 
adding of the library to project properties 
update samples 
quickvalues table with was conflicting with scrollbar # 196 
plugins should not enforce dependencies 
forgot to store the delimiter . 
revert jruby version 
copyright date 
allowbackup = " true " ` ( # 30 ) 
make it possible to forbid annotation retrieval for particular types of revisions 
turn off hwui_enable_opengl_validation 
now buddy has method isawaitingauthorization 
fixing license filename 
update changes 
fix bug in release mode 
moved configtest . write . xml to config / folder . 
readme 
update gradle version to 2 . 10 
added images for instructions on setting up a bigbluebutton vm 
lps - 37805 remove unnecessary call to parent class constructor 
bump snapshot to 2 . 0 . 0 
up travis set to local 
added readme 
updated fml to latest master 
update markdown processor 
ensure mpackagebroadcastreceiver is unregistered 
add the hide for the inner class definition . 
always returning false for magic link flow 
remove the location module for the time being , it does not define a pom 
next development version 
promoting user privileges in psql 
update spongecommon for block place event fix . 
update spongecommon 
stop web view loading when child browser dialog is closed 
update spongecommon for inventory event cancel fix . 
add @ suppress { duplicate } annotation to the global " i " variable in window . js 
setting sdk version to 1 . 0 . 71 - snapshot 
notnull dfavariablevalue . psivariable 
add html attribute 
delete quick - build . bat . 
updated changelog 
rc2 for android does not have updated main . js - demo app code 
update jar 
pdm and findbugs validations are enforced on travis 
reverted back templates folder setup in django 
update docs and version . 
version . txt for release 
fix typo in java join function example . 
bump version to 3 . 3 
version 0 . 9 . 15 
lps - 47279 need to add sun . misc to list of exceptions 
wip10 
skipping travis built in install phase maven invocation 
beta - 3 version bump . 
updated changelog 
update webpack and react profile versions 
updated icons for struct and enum 
removed redundant call v . done ( ) in closurecodegen 
fixed dsym file extension 
potential fix for the release problem 
sonar - 3432 update documentation 
register requestlogfactory as discoverable 
updated gradle script for javadoc 
portal - cache - test - util 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
add scripts / __pycache__ to . 
forgot to say that h2o . beta_features is hardwired to true now 
updated license year . 
added missing test precondition 
update readme . md 
removed properties 
freeing parser context in in sax parser ' s native_parse_io ( mem leak ) 
remove h2o - scala from app dependencies . 
add jooq - console / bin to . 
copyright layout 
lps - 23012 downgrading from aspectj 1 . 6 . 8 to 1 . 6 . 6 until aspectj classloading issue resolved . 
relocates maven push script to repository root to allow for use by other modules . 
added net . kano . joustsim . oscar . oscar . service . ssi . ssiiteminfo - used to retrieve group name by provided groupid . 
change jmh resultformat to json 
udate for system - rules 
temporarily disable emoji availability check 
update readme . md 
updating title 
update logo psd 
added a todo 
update readme . md 
rolled back to @ version @ 
use python 2 . 3 
remove the superfluous proguard rule for the database package 
comment broken test + getting project 
document changes 
remove unused files 
updated sdk distribution with new jar and icu data file 
public 
add the isvisible ( ) getter 
fix inspector wrapping layout 
and finally r / m irrelevant line from changes 
use latest maven release plugin . 
upgrade to amqp client 3 . 6 . 1 
debugger tooltip fixed 
update readme . md 
lps - 37434 adding empty constructor to httpprincipal to support unmarshalling 
get me out the stupid readme file . 
druid 0 . 1 . 12 release 
debugging travis 
added twitter and rand example output files to . 
update truth version to 0 . 24 . 
better way to count masters in cluster 
cr2 release 
make jsp - api dependency a provided dependency in grails - web - jsp 
update android gradle plug - in to 1 . 5 . 0 
fix for grails - 773 
bundle remote - sdk - impl . 
added storm - 706 to changelog 
source , lines so examples work on osx java 8 
changelog release prep 
lps - 35992 include color language key that was removed in 8d7aeeba3353f6e7207a698b3b9f950db55c29bc 
update support libraries to 23 . 4 . 0 
adding an xxhdpi app icon . 
cacheupdaterunner . waitforall 
small improvement to iso8601dateformat handling , error reporting 
unused class removed 
trying on master 
fix the release task for smalidea 
fix markdown rendering of bullets on homepage 
force version bump to reenable publishing . 
update msgpack codec to latest published , 0 . 6 . 9 
delete logo . png 
watch for clicks on the entire action item view . 
update readme . md 
bump spongecommon for dev jar fix 
rescaled apple - touch - icon 
update spongecommon ref 
set year and name in the license text 
bumping version name and code for 2 . 6 rc 2 . 
adding entry in changelog 
add missing main - class property 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 9 - snapshot ' . 
add italien translator name 
graphics 
smack 4 . 3 . 0 - alpha1 - snapshot 
added storm - 1134 to changelog 
preparing for hadoop - 0 . 23 . 1 - rc2 . 
moved these to github issues . 
added art folder 
create sparkling_water . 
mentioned material theme in changelog 
remove unused p . canvas var 
super basic test for cluster . reroute 
upgrade to errorprone 2 . 0 . 9 
improve the for - loop of method ' moveblockmeta ' in blockmetadatamanager . java 
specify full backtrace output 
remove reference to getchildbefore , getprevious is preferred . 
lps - 51850 fix upgrade sql 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 9 
update readme . md 
return code in django_manage_shell for old django versions 
update readme . md 
update demo video 
add readme 
fixed someone ' s typo for a css field 
update changes 
tm task assemble { } 
lps - 68970 rename file 
sysroot added 
add intellilang to pycharm release build 
another attempt to fix travis ci builds 
upgraded parent declaration in all trunks to use version 1 of parent - central . 
always include all helpers . 
updated changelog 
rxproject isn ' t designed for multi - module projects , this change should avoid the unncessary publish of the root project 
fix missing break in icon class 
faster build by not forking a new process . 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - rc4 - snapshot 
updated changelog 
version bump to v1 . 6 . 8 final 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / my - account / . 
remove element name from selector in css 
url mappings tests into web test suite 
redisson failed to start when one of sentinel servers is down . 
set higher permgen limit for daemonintegtest ( not just integtest ) 
updated gradle wrapper to version 2 . 6 
added grails - web and grails - test 
add missing mechanism - too - weak sasl error 
fixed vm memory leak in audiosystem jni interface 
windows shared lib compiled with newer mingw version . 
ok , we ' re green on osx , let ' s keep it that way . 
update changes 
prepare for v8 - beta2 . 
exception breakpoint should be added with notify on terminate by default . 
updated readme . md 
remove maven release plugin version declaration to make eclipse happy 
enable experimental features in dev config 
gradle should match project . properties after d816483a7cd4d98b5b136139ccaacd322e0ab5b6 
x 13 icons 
changes 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 30 
add readme 
update android - gradle - plugin to 1 . 3 . 1 
fix execution of grunt tests 
incremented version properties 
lighten color in type column 
startgroovy . bat appends classpath to jvm ' s startup classpath 
new tmdb lib with person search 
removed another version from the pom 
lps - 59825 add build . xml for the group of modules 
move web - sized icon to art / 
make images fit available width 
fixed otr manual mode to be " as requested " 
v5 . 0 . 0 . b22 - snapshot 
add integration test classpath in intellij 
updated changelog . 
updating dagger - androidmanifest - plugin maven packaging from jar to maven - plugin 
update readme . md 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 341 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
enhanced userguide 
update changes 
update readme . md 
lps - 49948 change file name from page . jsp to end . jsp 
update readme 
decrease minsdkversion 
lps - 64072 - url fix for gradle - build in themes based on gulp 
fixed the build so that the dists are actually included in the ' dists ' configuration 
release notes 
don ' t alias arraybuffer . 
update spongecommon 
update readme for cmd 
added jdk8 to travis 
streamcorruptedexception when loading a cluster , closes # 300 . 
trying android with travis 
update spongecommon for damagesource fix . 
remove " @ experimental " 
build tools 21 . 1 . 1 
removed spurious log about blinking cursor 
use int64_t for the offset argument of libarchive function call . 
correctly set the window callback for toolbaractionbar 
added gbm . r to collate 
word2vec new serialization 
compile mcpc class on java 1 . 6 
fixed small merge bug in failureexample . java 
dex option " incremental " set true . 
adding an anchor for dialogs 
added storm - 1462 to changelog 
correct hdpi drawable for searchview search icon . 
fix maven artifact version in readme 
switched to new parent - central pom , which changes the maven site skin 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 24 
lps - 58769 should be portal 
update readme . md 
empty line separator check compilable ut inputs 
change version back to 1 . 0 . 154 - snapshot 
update readme . md 
trying to fix travis errors 
new icons 
mimetype ( zlfile ) method 
update md 
test fixes - portal / controlpanel / webcontent 
updated changelog 
updating version . txt top section 
remove all finalize ( ) methods from nanoxml . 
update readme . md 
added targetcompatibility to the build . 
put equalsverifier into the test scope 
delete tricky_arena_1 . 
make textureassetkey flipy option a proper bean property 
don ' t swallow unknown payload in the parser . 
added onionkit library import 
re - add ignition - location module to parent build . 
add reset placeholder to thumb image presenter 
remove notification center observers on dealloc 
prerequisite to minimum maven 3 . 0 . 4 . 
update location module 
add htmlcanvaselement to window . 
binary ( ) adding unit test . 
history navigation fix 
release 3 . 1 . 2 . 
add to how - to download library checkout to versioned tag 
msn icon changed to the original one . 
update todos . txt 
added storm - 1432 to changelog 
layout - prototype - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
copy for tag flyway - 1 . 7 
use same sbt command line for test and doc 
upgrade junit version from 4 . 11 to 4 . 12 
set version to 6 . 0 - snapshot . 
lps - 14623 fix secure portlet urls generated on unsecure pages of virtual hosted communities 
lps - 43148 do not cache logo editor window 
update library reference 
set animation to null after canceling current anim . 
fix realpath posix issue ( # 2069 ) 
bat ` files should always have windows - style newlines 
fixing zeppelin - web build with wiredep 
add all jdk 
make sure pimage . parent is set in loadimage ( ) 
exclude pom generated by shade plugin from list of modified files ( minor ) 
sonar - 8614 fix backward incompatible change in proto of api / ce 
update fml 
upgrade to joda - time 2 . 5 
rename the rt tool to pushandrun 
update readme . md 
added if without block to increase test coverage of emptyblockcheck 
add - since flag for api level 19 to filter javadocs 
updated pws favicon 
made the cursor a hand when hovering the darkened screen pushed by the menu . 
 ' commonjs ' and ' webpark ' added 
next development version 
increased - xmx for test . py since it was dying with default jvm settings . 
upgraded to snakeyaml 1 . 10 . 
removes the todo to upload the library to bintray / jcenter 
moved unit testing to the same package as class . 
registered preferenceactivitycompat in the manifest for the sample project 
travis - add build only script 
copy for tag flyway - parent - 0 . 9 . 2 
updating version to 3 . 0 . 0 - beta3 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 81 
fix inconsistent module name 
add how to install the sample app . 
updated changelog 
added eclipse target back into the build 
updated changelog 
update settings . gradle to include android native bullet project 
make preconditions package private 
community project icon 
rename template . md for tiny - times 
fixes default boolean properties parsing . 
lps - 62733 add build . xml 
upgrade to jsonassert 1 . 2 . 2 
add virtual machine crash log files to . 
mahout - 1387 create page for release notes 
updated readme one last time 
rename the rf weights test . 
update version to 0 . 4 . 54 
remove dead file 
reference to non - existent ' structuralsearch - groovy ' module removed from layout 
force refresh of stateful when a child drawable is changed . 
changed version 
update crate - sql - plugin to 0 . 1 . 0 
add storm - 1243 to changelog 
fixed images on landing page 
extra test resource 
fix broken test . 
try more times to connect . 
make it easier to enable integtest output to stdout 
fixing bug 2453467 - in case of a dead process while disabling accessibility some processes keep sending accessibilityevents 
version bump elasticsearch 0 . 90 . 0 
move aboutdialog to correct path 
changed package name of commandlinemigrator 
implement indexlookupsourcesupplier . destroy 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / rss / . 
the name parameter of indices . get_template is not required . 
remove blank line in readme . txt 
switch curatordiscoveryconfig to not be an abstract class ' cause jackson cannot instantiate them 
update readme . md 
rename fileassetpartview file to assetpartview 
updated changelog 
add storm - 975 to changelog . md 
update doc commit pointer for 0 . 3 . 2 release 
forced the build by making a change in a dummy file . 
adding http request plugin 
change zip 
add final newline to editorconfig . 
lps - 26283 add a line break 
update readme . md 
back out export of meta - inf 
update readme . md 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / document - library / . 
add editor dependency in settings . gradle 
don ' t use , other , java 8 api . 
test 
use gradlew do a connectivity check 
update readme . md 
update upcomingchanges . md 
add files via upload 
update es / upstream submodule 
convert the id value to a string before comparison 
lps - 56566 fix propskeys 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 50 
export ] ] ' snippet 
updates error message icon . 
fiexed travis build error 
change screenshots 
fixed pom . xml , change postgresql dependency scop 
mdot - white . 
update readme 
version bump 
updating version . txt top section 
added extension to the list of modules to build 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - cache / . 
set mactions to an empty json object if no actions are found in the body . 
adding example simperium fields to gradle . properties - example 
fixing typo in readme . md 
add qq group 
 ' 1 . 1 . 108 - snapshot ' . 
second try of fixing the failing build 
update zh_quickstart . 
added missing jna jar 
adding vvikas 
fixes third_party / build to correctly refer to jimfs - 1 . 1 - rc1 . jar , which is required for scripts / setup - eclipse . 
readme file 
update build . gradle 
correctly name v9 notification icon . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 154 
update sha for jna dependency 
initialize and export java_home when not defined in build environment . 
update maven - project - info - reports - plugin version . 
remove space so easy to parse 
initial checkin , tests for the js port of cssmin 
only show bottom / horizontal scrollbar for full message view 
do not use ` weak ' modifier where it is not applicable 
removed a unnecessary call to registrations . sip ( ) 
portal - configuration - extender 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
update readme . md 
add break statement , d ' oh ! 
jps updated ( start groovy compiler in separated process ) 
was not finding a class that was in the guava jar and one in the log4j jar 
update contributing . md 
update to latest build tools v23 . 0 . 3 
make test superclass abstract 
update travis tools 
hive ' s ivy internal resolvers need to use sourceforge for sqlline ( gopal v via ashutosh chauhan ) 
update to jdbi 2 . 63 . 1 
move - not related to tool labs anymore 
next development version 
sources for dependent libraries 
updated changelog 
rename xametaqmessagesessionfactorybean . java to xametaqmessagesessionfactorybean . java 
update target idea version on travis 
lps - 43543 pull new r2 version ( liferay - 0 . 1 ) 
 ' 1 . 3 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 22792 move to portal - test - internal , because it depends of portal - impl . 
updated slovak translation 
update readme . md 
have travis give less verbose stack traces 
removed unnecessary style for v21 , thanks balachandarlinks 
update styles . css 
reduce travis memory usage for build 
removed @ override from interface method 
update readme . md 
update changelog 
comment out snapshot plugin for release 
microbench doesn ' t need to be an osgi bundle 
lombok upgrade 
add options in config template 
only require maven signing when using the uploadarchives command that publishes maven artifacts 
add new screenshots for hc gallery sample 
updated changelog 
lps - 51081 automatically clean the eclipse files before generating them to prevent merging 
indices cluster state service should execute as one of the first listeners 
update to r1 . 1 of dashclock api release ( long overdue ) . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 130 
update readme . md 
fix compiler warning in ' sizeof ' 
fixed bug in iterate 
change image in privacy policy 
commit transaction 
update docs . 
prepare version 27 . 0 . 3 . 
fix failing test 
updated release logo file name . 
bringing yajsw up to date 
added lib directory for database jars 
update mesos . yml 
test fixes - portlet / breadcrumb 
allow class balance options without expert_mode . 
lps - 59345 setheader could be in a chain , use super method so that it will keep original logic . 
fix change fragment absolute - ordering at web . xml with manager redeploy ! 
wiki - snaphot . pdf is not checked in anymore , so do not try to copy it into the documentation distribution 
lps - 64991 exclude portal tool samples 
fixed a bug in the - - salt function 
default methods are mostly working , except for one inheritance corner case 
bump version number 
version 0 . 9 . 10 
also bump pom to 4 . 6 . 5 
avoid heapdumponoutofmemoryerror per default which hurts for big ram and if done silently if server is not stopped , # 304 
forgot new lines in readme . md 
bumped parent - pom - > 7 - rc 
remove the obsolete local_page_align_jni_shared_libraries 
correct a typo in changelog for 7 . 0 . 9 
implement size method for vector class . 
push version to 16 - beta6 , 15015 . 
update spongecommon 
update library reference 
added class diagram for memento 
make sigar optional 
make sure the hdr_reader_writer_phaser struct is aligned . 
add functiongraphic 
map ' sh ' to ' bash ' for code highlighting 
skip tests for a while 
lps - 56505 reset ( ) should restore to default null value 
mark v8breakiterator as a constructor 
update readme . md 
this is redundant since the case is covered by the test it was special cased from ( which does more stuff now too ) 
updated reame . md . 
terrorist version bump 
more gfx 
actually return the shows update batch . 
add missing log / dir in the html5 client 
changed packaging to jar since there are problems with bundle ( classes being in other 
okio 0 . 9 . 0 . 
updated natives for superjumper ios 
fixed typo in multiterrainlodcontrol causing terrains not to be removed 
 / / nutz . googlecode . com / svn / trunk @ 1755 423f10f2 - e3a4 - 11dd - a6ea - a32d6b26a33d 
update minsdkversion ( to 14 ) in androidmanifest . xml 
prepare release eventbus - 1 . 0 . 0 
update screenshot 
set component configurations correctly for trident spouts 
update readme 
xposedbridge v32 , non - static busybox executables 
lps - 65749 update gradle distribution 
upgraded the version in the parent pom references in our example components to 3 . 
extend partial function to also handle one - argument calls , refs # 1012 
rename logo image 
updated fml to build 153 
update readme . md 
stub to prevent error with go get 
example config 
v5 . 0 . 0 . fastadapter . b2 - snapshot 
update to latest android build tools 
 ' 0 . 14 . 3 - snapshot ' . 
fixing a potential npe in asyncoperationstatus . 
lps - 28661 add missing index during upgrade schema 
auto - version submodules for release 
update version to 1 . 4 . 0 
bugfix for a problem that manifests when using tint + image , where tinted image data is retinted , rather than retinting the image ' s source data 
ignoring failing test 
set activityinfo . resizemode to resize_mode_resizeable by default 
updated dev version 
all log level 
version code bump , and use latest version of build tools . 
cachecloud user list pic 
update readme . md 
fix visibility for getinstance call 
remove fixed issue . 
update todo comments 
update spongecommon 
update spongecommon for collideentityevent fix . 
fix create a nearcache object before reading into 
added change log for type header removals 
wrong version 
 " updating samples to reflect recent changes . " 
optimize png size for ' tips and tricks ' images 
updated iterator class diagram . 
bm . forcebatchlogreplay ( ) should be executed in batchlogtasks 
added demo apk . 
long should be text ( jm - 33 ) . 
fix typo in rctuimanager 
also closes the executor containing the connections 
revert " use window . console instead of tinyloglite if its available " 
add improved libscreencapture jni for linux ( 32 / 64 ) prepared by damian minkov . 
version 
fixed doc for enumeration - seq 
update notice 
add storm - 1119 to changelog . md 
added observer class diagram 
release notes 
update changelog 
ignoring target directory created by running sample ha - ops bash scripts 
updated changelog 
set start transform before animator starts . 
upgrade to fongo 2 . 0 . 7 
bump forge build . 
enable pedantic checks during travis build 
test click before ripple is done 
journal - web packageinfo 
add to jcenter 
update newissuegreeting . md 
revert " update android gradle plugin to 0 . 14 . 4 . " 
event firing moved to coveragedatamanager 
lps - 55026 use same date as what was in the plugin 
update sdk build tools to 25 . 0 . 1 . 
ignoring local . properties file 
rc - 2 version bump 
prepare for 4 . 0 . 0 . 
update readme . md 
 revving version number . 
a split of the description 
updated copyright year in license and notice file 
move widget preview drawables to drawable - hdpi . 
log stack for invalid restrictions ( support info ) 
update readme . md 
removed a note to myself 
updated changelog 
remove strange skipfordefaultproject from application components where it ' s inapplicable 
tweak activity page css for improved spacing 
fixed css for remember me button checkbox under login form for webkit browsers 
unused include 
use oracle jdk 8 since open jdk seems to be unavailable . 
updated todo 
add code - coverage target that run emma and unit tests 
lps - 31148 index search does not allow leading wildcard 
lps - 67119 version 
ability to completely remove additional data fields from a message 
upgrade opensource closure - compiler guava library to release r09 
use grails 1 . 0 - milestone - 3 
that is , prepare for _2 . 8 . 1_ 
update bundled python driver to fix problem with missing blist dependency 
upgraded to okhttp 2 . 4 
replace obsolete trait keyword in newly added test 
 ' stringify ' added 
typo in create table synopsis 
gif 
removing docs assembly 
jetobjectdeclaration # getdelegationspecifierlist ( ) by stub 
add storm - 864 to changelog 
use gradle 3 . 3 final . 
updated changelog 
undid adding runtime dependencies because it had caused distributionintegrationtest to fail 
update return type of key ( ) based on current editor ' s draft . 
deleting old libs that were not necessary . 
modify base configuration used for aapt dump badging 
update spongecommon ref for signdataprocessor fix 
update forks chapter in readme 
increase maxpermsize to 128m for tests 
new 512x512 icon 
update sym_action_call icon to match icon used elsewhere 
added missing break in elasticsearchindex , that now not all fields are stored analysed and not_analysed 
returned missing call to trackrelatedpostsifshowing ( ) 
free drivercontext memory at failure 
fixed camel - test dependency scope . 
fix double forge init on server 
to english dic . 
update settings . gradle . 
move jpapathbuildervalidator to src / main / java 
readme 
fixes assertion disabling for lucenetestcase childs 
make ant sample error less contrived 
fix tmpdir function name typo in os . js extern file 
try adding android n to travis tests 
minor change to path for simple recordings 
docs 
update release_notes . 
rename reference docs to elasticsearch reference 
adding mongo module 
default yaml some change 
fix testdata 
make the cumulation field in bytetomessagedecoder package private to hide it 
protobuf - clean utility 
added bottom padding in textview ' s focused rectangle 
enjarify update 
delete gruese_die_gema_original . 
add journal_read to reader base permissions . 
remove unused class import 
use latest version of travis - utils 
 - update harlib library 
lps - 53384 it is an integration test , move it to the correct folder . 
added storm - 1412 to changelog 
bump the version on compile - testing 
another attempt to get logging working for the failing test . 
fix logic issue in forgechunkmanager . ticketcountavaliablefor ( username ) pr 
more travis dependencies 
add mavenlocal to build 
adjusting sqlcipher core submodule to sync with sqlite 3 . 7 . 12 
add runit_nopass_pca_3_golden . 
add a changes . txt file for hdfs - 1623 branch 
upgrade to netty 3 . 5 . 10 
lps - 42815 - error message style does not wrap around long word without spaces completely in entry preview 
lps - 44671 remove the title back - ticks i had added earlier . 
fixed native param format of settimeout in app . differ 
eliminate todo comment 
backbutton broken by adding new onkeydown method without calling its super . 
update gradle plugin 
remove superfluous limit 
update readme . md 
updated changelog 
fix doc title . 
make windowswipetodismiss a public attribute . 
latest version is 2 . 5 . 0 
add mvn - v to travis build 
fix stackoverflow when calling getlayoutinflater ( ) in dialogfragment 
change readme . md 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 52356 
update readme . md 
change needed with new android studio / gradle version 
save on close in aplication 
updated hector link in readme . txt to match readme . markdown 
update readme . md 
fix scrollview . scrollto ( ) 
delete okhttputils - 2_3_9 . 
 ' astyanax - 1 . 56 . 34 - snapshot ' . 
the so tag has a dash in it ( for some reason ) 
openjdk7 unknown problems on travis 
set history = true for reveal 
can ' t have empty sections . 
update rev for rc2 
remove silly shadow 
got rid of redundant addtreemodellistener 
lps - 57110 move to internal / servlet package 
update version . txt 
changed version file to dev build to prevent confusion . 
update spongecommon for new weather config options . 
icon for " reset to default " action 
lps - 66130 remove old property 
bump pegasus version to 1 . 8 . 5 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / site / . 
portal - osgi - web - servlet - context - helper 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
fixed save of exception breakpoints state ( py - 6920 ) . 
revert " appveyor , fail_fast is introduced " 
updated docker commands 
add plexus component annotations 
rethrow init exception 
made - in - yalantis . png added 
jvnet - parent - 1 - > jvnet - parent - 2 
update readme 
fix snackbar theme on sw600dp 
prepare version 18 - beta1 . 
update readme . md 
missing newline 
added shippable builds 
 ' 1 . 56 . 45 - snapshot ' . 
fix an npe if available ( ) is called before the input buffer is created . 
removes test . css 
lrqa - 18226 run poshi runner functional test against release bundle instead of local release while we investigate lrqa - 18050 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 2 . 16 - snapshot ' . 
undertow - 607 http client exchanges hang when no content is sent and flush ( ) is deferred 
mark util class as final in test code . 
upgrade to mockito 1 . 10 . 17 
fix travis error 
lps - 45983 add a line break since one depends on the other 
update readme . md 
making only one call to ffi_lib , which is the right way to do it , even though dlopen will find everything given exslt . 
added header file for iris to test h2o . setcolnames 
prevent typemap ' 0 ' being useful 
read as text missing load event call 
add idea plugin 
release 0 . 1 . 2 prep . 
change fastjson version 
move to pass 
test fixes - sonotifications - dependencies 
don ' t upload codecov results if jacoco wasn ' t run , as it generates an email warning now 
fallback to any found . 
delete truth jar which i forgot to delete when removing ant support . 
 ' 0 . 4 . 45 - snapshot ' . 
add missing changelog entry 
update version name and version code to next release number . 
import class networkutils 
fix typo in log message . 
create test 
fix travis config for play 
keeping methods in classes generated by butterknife . 
fix heartbeatrecoverytime bug 
updating changelog 
lps - 53867 unable to use yourkit to profile portal , because of the osgi delegation issue 
fixed failing test 
moving back to jersey 1 . 3 to fix an odd jaxrs loading bug in neoserver . 
delete demo . png 
removed old groovy jar 
insert new - features section onto trunk 
class exported to be used by third party extensions . 
update pom_description property 
fix annotation of getbehavior 
qualifiedname 
undid rename . 
upgrade to apache http client 4 . 3 . 6 
hard 2 . 4 . 0 nineoldandroids dependency 
declare timeoutid 
add a new repo 
final post release 
added systemserviceregistry to preloaded - classes 
update readme 
upgrade to bytebuddy 1 . 4 . 9 . 
update readme . md 
snapshot 
updated french translation 
methodmodifiers - - - ok . 
lps - 47865 force all tests to use tio to make sure the concurrent log assert won ' t interrupt nio file transfer which throws interrupted exception 
add pr 53 to changelog 
add " mms " to common phone number types . 
update readme 
 ' curator - 1 . 2 . 5 - snapshot ' . 
skip x version 7 , go right to 8 as well . 
missing vertarray declaration 
copy for tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 2 
adding mapsforge - jar to local repository 
use updated angular profile 
give min - height for paragraph 
update build . gradle 
update readme . md 
downgrade travis build tools version . 
added tests to index 
currentthread global property 
fixes a few more tests 
new image changes 
depend on agrona snapshot . 
add apk demo 
more fixes for osx version in build script 
fix a crash when resizing with a dimension to 0 ( based on the imageview dimensions ) 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 48039 
update spongecommon for team builder fix 
beta 
push version to 12 . 2 - beta2 , 238 . 
allow disabling the miniprofiledraweritem via the profiledraweritem 
the type 
fix incorrect preprocessor define 
lps - 63209 add build 
added interface to surfacetexture needed by webkit . 
lps - 65477 switch to gradle - plugins 2 . 0 . 10 since it is required to support compileonly properly 
missing entry on changelog 
fixed behaviour after book info reloading 
added storm - 316 to changelog 
demo gif 
yml not yaml extension 
updating fabric directory from repo to public 
remove " allowbackup " from manifest 
clean pending request after login execution 
update maven shade plugin to 2 . 4 . 3 
upgrade to netty 3 . 6 . 2 
update utils . java 
rm ds_store 
upgrade to objenesis 2 . 2 
updated minidns 
update lucene plug use ansj - min 
returned missing mdpi menu_button_bg . 9 . 
add readme 
update vagrantfile 
add storm - 1728 to changelog 
updated readme 
added buttons 
move flavor strings to donottranslate file . 
added intro image . 
moved to correct location so the type converter will be detected 
use indexof instead of startswidth on navigation 
remove bin directory 
bump up version to v0 . 6 
remove a lie from a comment 
lps - 65607 optional wire . 
remove unnecessary < packaging > jar < / packaging > element from pom . xml file 
don ' t put ejabberds status code muc messages into an actual conversation 
modifies path hierarchy for macosx coreaudio jni and library . 
fix xhdpi box 
fix license 
update readme . md 
add storm - 737 to changelog 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 85 - snapshot 
prepare for 4 . 0 . 0 . 
assign a serialversionuid 
update forge to 11 . 14 . 3 . 1524 
introduced eventtype 
delete files 
fix missing rollover - index link 
darcula inactive selection 
updated to parent pom version 2 . 
added cai - nmgen jar to release folder 
updated build . properties for 0 . 3 
semver com . liferay . portlet . asset , correct version 
don ' t build aggregated source jar . 
add missing return statement . 
fire event when updating connection history 
fixed the javadoc packages 
add missing depency to gradle file 
fix mp3extractor duration overflows . . . 
starting 0 . 5 . 4 - snapshot 
changed target sdk to 21 ( lollipop ) 
update build . gradle 
lps - 53961 rename , see existing * permissiontest * and * permissioncheckertest * in modules / * * 
how could i live without phlogiston ? 
fix submodule url for travis - ci 
fix startdtmf . 
fix extern on rctprofile . h 
updated contributors file 
registered ' cookie set without samesite attribute ' 
update to newest android plugin version 
add commons - collections jar . 
gh - 40 merge redis database interface layer ( lehmannro ) 
memory for test 
updated changelog 
added reactcommon to package . json to allow for building locally 
lps - 40993 wrong method called when returning emailfromname in shopping portlet 
update the ant example to contain an error 
updated server icon 
first pass at build . gradle 
added storm - 1182 to changelog 
prepare version 21 . 0 . 1 . 
add pull script for submodule support 
fix binaryjediscluster . move ( ) to dispatch node properly 
trying java 8 on travis 
adding data file containing 100k rows to be reused between integration tests 
revert " disable parallel execution of web tests with coverage " 
removed unused ic_reader_video_overlay . png asset 
asset - publisher - web 1 . 1 . 0 packageinfo 
switched to v . 1 . 1 - snapshot 
adding readme 
fix invalid link to download ( it ' s deprecated ) - replace to releases 
convert lambda to reference has now info severity 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 2 . 6 
added license header 
update readme . md 
arrow in art 
update usage - statistics plugin to 1 . 0 . 4 . 
upgrade to httpclient 4 . 2 . 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / staging / . 
updated changelog 
ignoring target directory created by running sample ha - ops bash scripts 
alpha - - > beta . 
lps - 55000 prep next jasper jspc version 
updating parent pom 
change default markdown rendering to not use hard wrap 
revert " added localbox . info to the topdomains of the config file , i think it ' s better for testing " 
fixed following account being reset on configuration change in sample app 
replace " backup " by " back up " 
bio doesn ' t use comet but align code with nio / apr . 
update changelog to include mc 1 . 8 updates . 
must check for initialset completion on remove 
add flag to use travis container based infrastructure 
how did this class disappear ? 
getndefmessage ( ) should throw exception if no tag in field . 
update minsdk on readme 
update to bytebuddy 1 . 4 . 15 . 
update readme . md 
add todo 
fix drawing for spianalogdigital examples 
revert " grails - 4759 - updated ehcache to 1 . 6 . 1 " 
update ml quickstart import 
adds timed wait on responsefuture so it is more frequently scheduled 
adding cpp dir 
upped script version in assets . 
lps - 48539 move transactionaltestrule to portal - test 
add screen shots for eclipse launch 
ensure app polling is in place with state_contentview , re # 21 
added adapter class diagram 
test fixes - portlet / bookmarks 
remove bin from root . 
add virtual destructor . 
don ' t create coverage report for sample 
deprecate unused protected field 
append to accept optional filename parameter 
add branch name " new " to version . properties 
attaching javascript compression to the compile phase 
fakeview isselected 
 ' zuul - 1 . 0 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
added out directory , the default for intellij builds 
updated dependencies 
forgot h2o_hosts here 
update readme . md 
changed back the dependencies to trunk versions 
updated changelog 
manage visibilty of rsconnect global toolbar menu 
sample v1 . 0 . 5 
added junit version . 
getcheckinoperationname ( ) is back in checkinenvironment 
support passing promises to promise . resolve in extern . 
lps - 6121 - dockbar contains invalid html 
fix for bug # 842 , mkdir - p bin for linux 
not - yet - implemented edit profile . 
update building . md 
lps - 62557 migrate util only used by document library and place in appropiate package 
copy for tag roboguice - 2 . 0 
added a documentation image of a hypergraph model as a property graph . 
fix javadoc generation . 
update to rest - client 0d30b77e4ecf8308e06a841f0f40adc996a4adce . 
added apk 0 . 3 . 0 
new python file type 
minecraftforge / fml @ d8b6adb2598ce144568a0aaf26fa8b988c028b7c add a helper for casting some common collection types into generic form 
upgrade to jersey 1 . 13 . 
next version is 2 . 4 
started core project 
updated changes . txt 
error element should be skipped 
lps - 44362 add @ override 
jetty . sh waits for started or failure before returning 
trying to fix osx build 
idea - 81404 creating project from gradle build file results in " can ' t resolve gradle project " with nosuchmethoderror 
gibberish slck ( issue # 241 ) and a better meta contact list ordering policy ( issue # 316 ) 
create readme . md 
if we want to release the lock , release instead of acquiring it . 
fixed highlighted cells not being cleared on init ( ) . 
finalized changelog for v 3 . 0 . 1 
markdown icon for osx 
lps - 47174 add @ generated to skip ant format - source 
prepared for next iteration 
update readme . md 
update spongecommon for level name fix . 
update readme . md 
fix python path variable . 
added facebook and 2 . 0 info on readme 
bump android build tools version . 
still return a package suspsended dialog if there is no owner . 
upgrade to groovy - shell - server 1 . 4 
update location module 
fixed options - - > language help button 
bump version 
add nuwa image 
only aws needs device . sh 
removed horizontal rule from the notes 
added support for gvtags 
update bytebuffer - collections to 0 . 2 . 4 
add getter for fully - qualified name . 
set for dev 
add shortcut dist for buildh2odevdist . 
support library for travis 
icon - help shows tooltip with html code 
update ' modules / apps / web - experience / site / . 
lps - 58444 extract cas . jsp 
updates changelog 
lps - 42492 om . liferay . portlet . wiki . model , increment version 
upgrade maven version to 1 . 0 . 4 
 / / issues . apache . org / activemq / browse / camel - 277 
updated changelog 
configure appveyour build 
update pr analysis mode 
update android support libraries to 25 . 0 . 0 . 
first version of shellshock rule 
lps - 47374 add content targeting submodule under modules / apps ( moved from plugins ) 
use tests . jvms = 1 like the old parallelism of 1 
editor 0 . 6 version bump 
upgrade maven - surefire to 2 . 14 . 
trying with openjdk8 
upgrade to sonarqube plugin 2 . 1 - rc1 
removed mislabeled file 
this fails due to frame locking on the data set ( overlap ) . 
separate react from reactnative ( # 266 ) 
restored uploadarchives condition on signing 
specify openjdk6 . 
pass env ' s cflags through to sub - builds 
property test 
removed printstacktrace 
new networkerror using ioexception , not null response 
changes update 
set - - offline option for maven - for local development this should almost always be correct and it speeds up maven 
add fail forward comment 
lps - 61952 git - commit - plugins 
internal executor shutdown fix 
update changes 
lrqa - 17684 update the poshi runner version to 1 . 0 . 18 
fx - add fx2d keyword , remove jfx keyword 
upgrade to rabbitmq amqp client 3 . 5 . 7 
push version to 16 - beta4 , 15013 . 
added storm - 715 to changelog . 
removing the zookeeper jar . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / xstream / . 
redudent null check on instanceof 
added more task to the set of tasks triggered by travis ci . 
add makefile so package manager test apks can get buitl from root . 
portal - configuration - persistence 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
 ' 1 . 3 . 13 - snapshot ' . 
fix a crash 
update spongecommon for proper place event fix . 
show rsconnect beta ui 
move bikepark * to correct location . 
update youtrack icon 
travis update 
comment rbm 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc2 ' . 
updated changelog 
update bower . json 
fix broken ci build on travis 
fix focus issues with dialpad in the call dialog . 
add storm - 555 to changelog 
add bobby evans as committer sponsor 
remove extra newline in npm - shrinkwrap . 
dictionnary 
 ' 2 . 0 - rc12 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 67499 portal - kernel - run baseline 
corrected the provisioner md file name in index . 
remove the final modifier to ensure it will compile again 
prepare version 28 - beta2 . 
remove unused extern 
update readme . md 
new test 
rbucket should implements rexpirable 
updated lucene version 
lps - 56977 we now need to specify lfr - amd - loader version 
correct test method name 
changed check for $ cygwin to existence of / usr / bin / cygpath , fixes core - 620 . 
add i18n message for catalan ( valencian ) 
new todo item 
sanitized driver - postgresql 
changes . txt whitespace 
oops , fix last - second typo in pom 
update readme . md 
bump the version of pmd we use to the latest . 
update spongecommon for async user lookup enhancement . 
gdx - image natives jar 
optimize android build for ci 
 ' hystrix - 1 . 2 . 17 - snapshot ' . 
started with guice 4 . 0 support ( moved pkgs / renamed ) 
return the empty string 
journal - content - web packageinfo 
lps - 37608 height of asset tags & categories selector list should be set to " auto " 
lrqa - 24702 add portal . context property as a valid poshi testcase property 
 / / docs . oracle . com / javase / 7 / docs / technotes / guides / language / catch - multiple . html ) " 
remove file that was added by git - review dcommit ( see tools - 72585 ) 
non - strict host key checking for ssh 
add values - iw as symlink to values - he 
only run layout - test & layout - consts - test 
added iterator pattern class diagram 
add sbt cached resolution to build 
always use the max score across the shards in suggest response 
alpha - 8 / 259 version bump 
use the location of build . sh instead of pwd to find maven 
 ' 1 . 4 . 0 - rc3 ' . 
update deskshare applet wiht improvements from xop 
need to trigger maintenance for the weak cache after gc completes to clear out dead entries . 
install latest jdk in travis build 
update changelog for storm - 506 
reset for normal operations 
break loop fast when one of connection seems to broken 
bump cqlsh default cql version to 3 . 1 . 7 
forgot to init mtrustmanager instance 
recursively compying images 
sized the icon into a square form by adding more transparency at top and bottom . 
stop building with java 7 in travis 
don ' t render html in label property renderer ( ideadev - 11341 ) 
create text 
fix test data 
fixed the build error of camel - core 
 ' 1 . 1 . 109 - snapshot ' . 
remove unnecessary permission from gallery app 
pass class preprocessor dir as an absolute file 
update spongecommon 
consistent reporting for the connectors 
lps - 61718 move jsp 
update favorite_edit_dialog . 
applied new thrift jar 
shadecolor is yellow 
better tmp dir name in testcasewithtmpdirindependentfromidea 
update news 
remove ' play23 ' branch identifier from appversion 
added missing changes entry 
ensure alignment of res_png_9patch . 
updated reference to version 0 . 9 . 12 of owncloud library for android 
testing anon svn 
fixed soy docs 
update readme . md 
made the build messages from the manual less verbose . 
the basic server skeleton is in place ( albeit a very rudimentary skeleton ) . 
exposed the parse method ( converting processing code to javascript ) via processing . parse ( ) . 
revert " bumps commons - pool2 version to latest " 
removed testing console . log 
change to 0 . 1 . 7 - snapshot post - release 
updated cluster . node_stats test 
suppress lint errors 
mapreduce - 3431 
fix code example which was calling wrong super method . 
switch from ssh to https 
minecraftforge / fml @ c48b48ee15f38d3e794b6eb3499c536226ca5a79 fix server launching . 
fix changes . txt after cassandra - 10099 
remove modules / apps / web - experience / . 
make private 
update readme . md 
remove web - experience / . 
updated pom . xml to use graphdb - deps - all - 0 . 3 . 
mysql jdbc driver added - for testing purposes 
fix bug where g_produce_unit_reports was not being set globally properly . 
readme 
 ' 0 . 6 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
add build status icon 
output to bin instead of classes . . . why is the build breaking ? 
fixed small error in readme 
added hypest who apparently actually wrote the c # port 
timeout value was missing surrounding double quotes 
add new otp logo icons 
add storm - 1672 to changelog . md 
correct a typo 
while android - actionbar runs on android 1 . 5 the layout is severely damaged . 
make tachyon - perf a subproject of tachyon 
upgrade gradle tools version . 
push version to 14 - beta2 , 11259 . 
modify readme to contain link to wiki 
set release version 
bump to gradle plugin 1 . 3 . 1 
jetbrains . dic + " stepic " 
fix ray vars unlocking 
lps - 62932 include user - theme module 
some more file types 
version bump 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 40 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 66 - snapshot 
fixed python community icon - robots . 
use updated crosby binary , workaround for # 2137 
bumped min maven version to 3 . 2 . 1 
increase circleci timeout to 30 min 
delete lib directory . 
browserkey fix 
update readme . md 
shotgun . wav , fuck you subclipse . . . 
account for null target when using fetch ( ) . 
downgrade build tools due to dex packaging error 
publish d2 test artifacts 
uodated changelog 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 94 
call the callback on sdkinitialize 
removed unused " offlinemsgqueuesize " 
correct name for the ` info ` api ( root endpoint ) 
fix travis config 
prepare next release v0 . 87 . 5 - snapshot 
add ` jsonparser . nextfieldname ( ) ` 
announcements - web 1 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
forgot to make mockito test only 
adds a pickup sound notification file . 
update warning toast gif 
update build number to beta4 . 
clojure to jetbrains . dic 
fix subproject name 
update readme . md 
use session scratch path for source database 
trivial commit to test ci build 
move pointsettest to the same package as pointset . 
turn down travis jdk7 build 
fixed install . sh not passing arguments to install . py 
lps - 44262 configuration cog icon should be in the same line of the portlet title on mobile devices 
change gradle to 1 . 2 . 1 
revert jssc to the version that was shipped with 2 . 1 
added c2s truststore file . 
don ' t run the int tests concurrently at all ( for now ) . 
added an ( initially empty ) package - info to lambda . 
update spongecommon for ' interactitemevent . primary ' fix . 
update style . md 
fix startfacedetection will fail after taking a picture . 
update to the reference build of sharpen 
change version to 1 . 1 . 42 
lep - 2364 default index . with . thread to true 
dynamic - data - mapping - form - renderer 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
add vim . 
added testcompile dependency core - > coreimpl . 
travis - ci support 
sonar - 5479 allow to filter on lines and lines of code in the component viewer 
added todo about malfunctioning of client port 
added snapshot 2 . 5 jar 
use the default junit version . 
removed badly placed finish ( ) call on error dialog 
adde piggybank jar as it is not avalable under maven . 
update readme 
add missiing copyright 
add an echo " done " and newline to stdout on stop 
add missing < sys / file . 
idea - 64216 ( to english dictionary ) 
update messenger build to include log file and build all . 
return proper interface name 
use new lib 
fixup is_jvm_app for jvmapps 
added bitdeli badge 
symlink values - iw to values - he - in order to support all devices 
updated to new release of fluido skin 
bump spongecommon ref . 
 ' archaius - 0 . 5 . 7 - snapshot ' . 
changelog for 0 . 9 . 0alpha8 
bump spongecommon for enderdragon respawning fixes . 
adding storm - 1340 to changelog . md 
lps - 47753 - documents and media icon view overlaps border and document name 
updated changes 
update readme . md 
debug version of alert_icon 
fixed memory leak in extracteditlayout finish ( ) 
suite for generate actions 
dummy check in 
shortcuts doc 
update readme . md 
add link to movavg page 
do not stop on exceptions inside debugger with " on raise " policy ( py - 15502 ) 
update aboutactivity . java 
lps - 49654 web content images extend beyond the portlet width 
prepare release acra - 4 . 5 . 0rc2 
added endercrystal entity 
update copyright year to 2015 
upgrade to release version of jline ( 2 . 10 ) 
readme . md added . 
update spongecommon for itemframe fix . 
add beanshell jar 
fixing a typo . 
bump version 
bump version of master to next snapshot version 3 . 7 . 0 
add product flavor to reduce build time on debugging 
delete ic_launcher . 
cleanup rworkspaces in dev mode 
prevent new ripples when max reached 
suppress unreachable code warnings 
classcastexception when using dsl . any ( ) in a condition field 
the build script has to be executed by bash 
added christopher deckers as author 
maybe i undo this so i can merge a pull request automatically . . . 
add serial ft12 connection to knx binding 
changed scope of guava jar dependency to " provided " . 
add ios entrance for english version 
updated changelog 
update java - util version to be a non - snapshot version 
z - indexes defined on the portal level should be above 400 
add octicons addon to sample 
switch to post release snapshot version . 
adding a semicolon to stop qdox ' s whining . 
add files via upload 
do not let maven - release - plugin push changes to upstream . 
update readme . md 
and now that @ value has been promoted to the main package , the old experimental one is now deprecated . 
don ' t use " deploy " as maven < defaultgoal / > 
updated changelog 
minecraftforge / fml @ 35ab9f52b02d84592e4c7607feb6009710b2f7d9 fix md5s for new checksums . sha1 in scala libraries . 
updated to a new snapshot 
inherit from error correctly 
fixes bringtofront ( ) unconditional recursion reported by lyubomir marinov . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 114 
add deep water jar to . 
updates version from 0 . 1 . 0 - snapshot to 0 . 1 . 1 - snapshot 
we should indicate each plugin version . 
init gradle 
better icon for the about menu item 
revert " retire android_native_window_t " 
uploaded install fix . 
comment was added to circle . yml 
try to see the testsuite state . . . 
export java_home in rpm init script 
updates to nebula 2 . 2 . 7 
bluetooth wasn ' t being included in usage list 
rewinding nettyresponse ' s bodypart bytebuffer 
new deskshare diagram 
fixed delete mapping to return acknowledged false when ack times out 
set os x environment to latest el capitan to avoid a weird hdiutil bug 
add msgpack to serializers . txt 
version 
reserved a plugin id for the ascanrule httponlysite 
updated changelog 
added a line , just to see if dc manages to monitor changes again and build groovy as it was the case before the move . . . 
remove ' subprojects / * / ide ' entry from . 
fixing the error caused because of wrong type for jasmine . clock . 
update common / lang / buildcraft / sv_se . 
use busybox compiled for armv5 for compatibility 
moved from ivy dir . 
make sure to resume writes when closing sse connection 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 71 
removed inline style 
fix typo in deletioninfo 
portal - scripting - executor 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
get secret from environment variable secret 
update build . gradle 
jodd badge - j in circle 
removed debugging statement from _grailswar . groovy . 
updated todo 
jetfunctiontype # getparameterlist ( ) by stub 
disposable 
correct contact e - mail in documentation config . yml 
updated tag header layout 
lps - 57679 no change at service . properties 
inc version 
android support repo for travis 
skip the release notes for now 
upgrade to jruby - rack 1 . 0 . 5 
graphview 4 . 1 . 0 lib 
add org . apache . http . legacy dependency for statementservice . 
cas 5 m1 release 
forgot the min sdk is 2 , not 3 
if bin / create fails , exit with code 1 
move file after merging from 2 . 3 . 
add the cookies tests patch . 
revert changes to modal . js styling 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 120 
added rmilk to ant build script 
remove unused import 
jetty - 1431 
a further small correction to waitforidle ( ) method . 
set seed for tests 
upgrade to maven gpg plugin 1 . 6 
jaxp - ri from 1 . 4 . 2 - > 1 . 4 . 5 
update readme . md 
removed redundant package declaration 
snapshot 
lps - 69997 add taglib mapping 
add # 2635 to changes 
add support for java 7 - patch # 3403265 
add truth - 0 . 27 . jar to third_party / truth . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 96 
eliminate unused typedef 
found untested line 
 ' 1 . 1 . 106 - snapshot ' . 
fixed typo in changelog entry 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 4 . 
revert to version 2 . 51 of droidsansfallback . ttf 
html5 client - removed soundforunreademessages ( ) from nav - bar 
lrqa - 24740 update poshi runner version 
 " ehcache " 
devide - - > device 
updated changelog 
updated changelog 
add travis config 
disable example until new plugins are pushed 
update changelog , release version to 1 . 5 . 10 
update archaius2 version 
tried new submodule url 
ensure that batch file used by installexecutable task returns error code 
update spongecommon for interactitemevent refactor . 
updated version in the readme . 
upgraded to objenesis 2 . 1 . 
disable surefire ' s reuseforks options 
 ' curator - 1 . 2 . 6 - snapshot ' . 
lps - 45265 add language key 
version 1 . 2 . 0 - rc - 1 . 
added zap . bat and params for zap . sh 
added getter for titleformatter 
updated changelog 
added lib nineoldandroids 
fix error in variable name in readme 
update releases . md 
snapshot 
fix phoneaccount parceling ( 1 / 2 ) 
0 . 111 - snapshot 
changes the background color to solid holo blue 
make / usr / share / red5 as default for red5 . home 
lps - 62826 include * . 
update formatter name 
reset the offset to 0 ; the new scripts seem to have better sync ? 
update to latest android - iconcis core 
update release notes for release 1 . 6 . 0 
add tag required by schema to cobertura configuration . 
new todo item 
update travis config to use current build tools 
update contributing . md 
added trace_tag_react_apps constants 
add api in telecomservice to manage blocked numbers . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 11 
lps - 44787 - build - test . 
add scalability . png for dl vignette . 
batchnode now updates its geometric state right after batching . 
update dex . gradle 
upgrade netty 3 . 6 . 5 
changed group name and version 
update changes . txt 
unchecked as default 
enabled pseudo locales in the debug build 
svn testing 
do not merge - updated ringtones for crespo , fixing looping problem 
fix pom formatting some more 
fixed tag state identification problem 
update spongecommon for damagesource fixes . 
change zipfile flags anonymous enum 
updated changelog . txt . 
add terminal to platform modules . 
add a redirect to the new location . 
oops , now acknowledge reinholdfuereder , who _actually_ submitted the test 
updated changelog . txt . 
removing transactional - scope 
update to 6 . 17 - snapshot 
added cython to py requirements 
changes 
moved testnglistener from src / main to src / test 
add label to content provider . 
external - formats in merged into beta and has gone 
testing out travis as ci 
next development version 
reverted changes for continue statement 
update checkpoints . 
lrqa - 14620 - add xsl to list of available testray component names 
 ' 1 . 1 . 124 - snapshot ' . 
revert " bump science to pants . pex 0 . 0 . 5 to pick up scalastyle and a fix for the publish task . " 
added a script to generate a random file , that should be used later on the client check 
a widget should scroll its content if too large 
update ios googleanalyticsplugin headers for 2 . 0 . 0 
 # 211 - correct logic for dealing with returning default values when a message extension . 
added new icons for status 
 ' ribbon - 0 . 1 . 15 - snapshot ' . 
added changelog 
remove twitter handle 
 spider option - " parse robots . txt " and " parse sitemap . xml " default should be on 
change to released version of buildtools . 
lps - 56465 delete the unused lib 
updated tz database to version 2007d . 
added to_param method for message 
release 0 . 4 . 2 
core - 2686 standardchangeloghistoryservice . hasdatabasechangelogtable value is cached too aggressively 
add reference to javadotnet maven repo docs . 
unnecessary clone of canova 
added storm - 1618 to changelog . 
screenshot folder 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 0 . 3 
update readme . md 
inline settings methods in callback for wi - 29440 create custom project generator 
 ' rxjava - 0 . 11 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
0 . 110 - snapshot 
updated changelog 
disable appenginefunctionaltest 
explicitly set default background color in rcttextview 
news whitespace 
update readme . md 
updated owncloud library 
catalog should have test scope for jackson 
avoid page breaks inside tables . 
move screencapture directory from src / native / linux to src / native as it is no more specific to linux . 
fix cmakelists . txt to prevent duplicate addition of the driver source directories . 
add storm - 1851 to changelog 
update travis command 
fix tear_down_cloud 
documented proxy with content resource as url in release notes 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 48 
semver don ' t baseline a jar with no exported packages ( until it does ) 
updated changelog for 5 . 5 . 3 . 
updated getlastname return type 
catch the indexoutofboundsexception thrown by ansicolordiagnosticlistener . 
showsource icon 
updated readme 
removed querydsl - scala / . 
fixed wrong android version name in readme . md 
increment gradle build tools 
java - 378 reallocate buffer to correct size when changing chunksize of gridfsinputfile 
use android build tools 23 . 0 . 1 . 
correctly specify github release task 
reserve pluginid for new passive x - chromelogger - data info leak 
added setting of gradle_home environment variable . 
excluded a couple of tests from java 9 test suite . 
tiles for tests . . . 
add storm - 1336 to changelog . md 
fix travis config , again 
new image with icon 
style play - topics the same way as help - topcis 
compiler should form - source for modulechunk , not project language level 
idea language settings - idea . gradle no longer needs to set targetbytecodelevel 
added todo 
fixed test runner for non - python modules 
fixed torodb - 229 
add websocket module to the list 
added new sample apk . 
make final 
lps - 63528 move notificationhandler from service to web 
add storm - 2000 to changelog 
updatechecker $ 2 . 
collapse . png optimized 
travis . yml 
better defaults for deploy . specific . wars 
update readme . md 
added a shape to doorbottom 
test a 
update version 
update changes . txt 
next version 
moved test case to hibernate - entitymanager 
configured functional tests to run with forked jvm per - test , possibly hiding a memory leak problem with tests 
pub - 651 change test from nopass 
moved groupchat menu option to menu only 
revert " tweak design proguard config " 
responsecontent to protected so something that extends can see it 
moved hasxpath into correct src tree . 
wfly - 6768 servletresourcemanager does not implement isresourcechangelistenersupported correctly 
drop in mapreduceoutput 
fix java 
 ' release - 0 . 1 . 16 - snapshot ' . 
updated build to also include openjdk7 
update spongecommon 
delete demo2 . gif 
lps - 45853 the word navigation makes me think it only affects the nav bar instead of all links 
remove mail notifications ( for now ) from travis 
backspace instead of delete for mac users 
updating version string to 3 . 0 
add built aar file 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 37 
new image changes 
making test keystores compatible with java 8 restrictions 
ensure pom is sorted after being modified for release 
new images in , old images out 
intalled - > installed typo in readme . md 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - remote / . 
update readme . md 
rename file 
removed redundant public qualifier . 
removed debug message 
update readme . md 
update truth dependency to 0 . 16 . 
redissonsemaphoretest fixed 
removed beta 
screenshots 
add lucene version in es - plugin . 
test fix 
lps - 46869 on a smartphone , excess white space appears in site administration for site memberships and site teams portlets 
more looptest experimentation 
add link to sqlcipher docs on intro page . 
managed bean resolution inside $ { } for jsp 2 . 1 + jsf 1 . 2 ( ideadev - 23158 ) 
update spongecommon to prevent sdk replacing main jar . 
release version 0 . 0 . 5 
it would be useful for groovy . sql . sql to support a map - based newinstance method 
improved logger 
updated changelog . 
updated takari lifecycle plugin 
make sure we close the parser even if it failed to parse a search request 
added missed override annotation 
i trust maven completely . 
bump specs version 
fix travis 
sample - 1 . 2 . 1 
add psd for greendroid - googleapis 
bump to 3 . 4 . 0 - snapshot 
fix readme title . 
cas - 1114 
update rpm spec file license field to aplv2 
replace manifest 
upgraded akka to 2 . 3 . 11 
bump the version number to 1 . 3 . 2 - dev 
change com . github . lzyzsd . bridgewebview to com . github . lzyzsd . jsbridge . bridgewebview 
release version 3 . 2 . 0 . 
fixing a version 
usage catalog ( ongoing proposal changes ) 
okhttp - - > okio 
text change - double also ( # 8 ) 
imageutils updated with two methods that return a rounded corner image . 
removing jar and native libs 
fixed a bluetooth quick settings update bug . 
do not suppress program errors like argumenterror . 
readme update 
update travis build tools 
add a class plainsaslserver that implements the saslserver interface - - fix the method name from setup to before 
update readme . md 
fixed wrong import . 
fixing a type for extensioninfo . prototype . homepageurl 
upgrade to gelfclient 1 . 2 . 0 
remove openjdk7 from travis - ci 
fix progress issue in inoutdegree . 
updated release notes to indicate update 
updated readme 
don ' t look for obfuscation mapping for lifespan 
fixed searching for pyannotation stub if pyfunction is a stub 
use clang to build microbench 
lps - 69209 increment source formatter version 
fixed test / resources wrong package location 
fix invalid module name format 
commit to test ci config changes 
polish javadoc for annotationcachekey 
testng doesn ' t display awaiting tests - > undefined magnitude 
update readme . md 
added files via upload 
update gradle . properties 
touch file to force a rebuild 
bump up the protoparser dependency . 
one more ext function test 
added storm - 1219 to changelog 
misfirststart initialization 
update readme to include logo 
missing word " fundraising " 
invoking devmenu from rctbridge in prod will crash 
temporarily disables the support for the address book of microsoft outlook because of a crash ( privately ) reported by damian minkov . 
missed gradle reference to 1 . 0 . 1 
removed experimental sudo 
upgrade to anonymous usage statistics 1 . 0 . 7 
add storm - 1102 to changelog . md 
snapshot 
one file missing 
smack 4 . 0 . 0 - rc1 
added class diagram for state pattern 
upgraded javassist to 3 . 18 . 0 - ga with patched classloading 
bumped revision to 0 . 2 - snapshot 
move to 1 . 2 . 1 - snapshot 
update dependency version 
clear cached annotation profile map when configuration changes ( idea - 94238 modules are placed in multiple annotation processor configurations ) 
fix # 208 add default translations for strings switch_on / _off 
add platform tools otherwise lint will fail 
improved ' find in files ' perf 
adding updated r pdf 
excluding third - party - license - readme . txt from licence check 
use or instead of and so script doesn ' t exit with 1 
recompiled bbb - deskshare - applet - 0 . 71 . jar with jdk 1 . 5 to work on mac os 10 . 5 . 6 under firefox 
release 0 . 110 
revert " on the off - chance anyone is referencing the plugin only require the library . " 
add virtual destructor to asyncclient 
npe in fsnotifier fixed ( now moved to the right dir ) 
incremented version properties 
added description to project 
rename write_sdcard to write_external_storage in browser test app 
removing unused icon of waffle . io 
generate the plugin report on release . 
fix on text $ 6 , yoffset increments were on fontsize rather than text lead 
fix a methodselectionexception for java 8 ( # 421 ) 
debian version 
add windows env to shippable 
include server examples in the build . 
make another member final 
update spongecommon 
update readme . 
map type_vpn integer to " vpn " string . 
removing puts 
lps - 25877 search portlet returns results that should not appear 
deprecated initialdircontextfactory 
use correct font for line numbers 
revert localization to master . 
add small gif 
update rest - client to b38f51906752b75a486a98deed168b72b56dde37 . 
removed a system . out 
version bump to 1 . 4 . 0 - alpha ( in development ) 
deleting unwanted files due to overzealous eclipse commit 
update readme . md 
layoutanimation brevity 
dismiss item dialog when starting playback of downloaded episode 
index in ' rstudio / templates / project ' 
update repo link to a movingblocks path . 
disable cobertura travis portion ( # 3122 ) 
jsr 236 dependency is optional 
added source_code_repository_info . txt to . 
adding storm - 1616 to changelog . md 
revert commons pom 
set gradle daemon jvm args compatible with jdk 9 
use docker - client 2 . 3 . 0 
fixed path issue on install - file shell script . 
image for hudson 
update readme . md 
qualify main class in manifest 
removed easymock depedency version , it ' s managed in parent pom 
revert " removed junit from classpath ( all tests moved to zaproxy - test ) " junit is a dependency of zap - api . 
fix # 2972055 
update readme . md 
fixed typeo in test 
update of release notes 
compile with sdk 21 , use build tools 21 . 
set encoding for java source to utf - 8 
update changes . txt for 3 . 9 
remove interpreter from map after destroy 
prepare version 24 - beta4 . 
fix zookeeperleaderretrievalservice close the zk client when stopping bug 
added new showcase image 
update changelog . textile 
remove manual tag for worker_test 
changelog 
added comment " don ' t forget to update version of skeleton generator " 
updat rest client to 5cd58c0b76bff50b27befcd92ecc4027bca2718e 
tiny fix to r2103 to properly reset results table with each scan . 
fix funnel bar positioning 
messenger should start by default when first run . 
add link to documentation about the polymer pass . 
 ' exhibitor - 1 . 4 . 1 - snapshot ' . 
version 1 . 4 . 1 
remove repeat lefover . . . 
new todo list , for internal changes 
changed version to 0 . 1 , since the 1 . 0 was just the default version which maven generates for you . 
removes changelog . ja . rdoc from the manifest 
lps - 33904 pacl - this properties file belongs to the suite , not to the plugin 
remove site dependencies generation 
include lib / instead of libs / 
checkstyle and codenarc plugins are already applied by codequality . gradle 
renamed file to match view 
update sbt 0 . 13 . 11 - > 0 . 13 . 12 
record artifact for a gwtmodule . 
lps - 46781 - dockbar add content popout menu stays open after closing left dockbar 
roll back to gradle 2 . 1 . 2 to fix builds . 
delete build directory when cleaning . 
remove build . sh debugging flag . 
fix ticking on bukkit server 
version bump to 1 . 9 . 0 - beta . 3 
update readme . md 
hive - 593 , remove zeroed out file 
update jar 
add node . h fix 
update surefire version 
archive the build output 
fix build . gradle for gridlayout - v7 
replacing screenshot for pip topic 
updated the changelog 
lps - 65726 new api added , updating packageinfo 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / invitation / . 
trying to fix the travis config for getting all the necessary android tools . 
ensure spring - test builds against httpcomponents 4 . 5 
removed comment about fill3d not working with 3d curvevertex 
moved jar call to exports so modules can override it 
version bump to snapshot . 
fixed loading from < script > for ie9 
update collect_libs . 
add demo . gif 
disable the test submodule for now . 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / portal - configuration / . 
undefined date in changelog 
set filename 
note and link to wiki 
restore dexguard obfuscation , re # 301 
update snapshot version to pass build 
add samples html pages for offline docs 
lps - 33709 fire event so that we can add listeners 
change selectable role from admin to administrator 
version bump 
bumped target to api level 17 
updated changelog 
add art assets 
to english dic . 
adding storm - 1385 to changelog 
changed to use ref for transactionmanager 
added auto - reconnect flag to mysql db properties 
changed the description for the quit app . 
update android - iconics core to v2 . 1 . 0 
request now generates strict json code . 
added folder for the visualization project . 
debuggable 
update readme . md 
zeppelin - 500 - fix leak of output in firefox 
snappy lib was added . 
set release version 
add docker - compose . 
update readme . md 
test testminimrclidriver . testclidriver_ql_rewrite_gbtoidx is still failing ( navis via ashutosh chauhan ) 
updated jediterm jar . 
add ctime include 
getcurrenttime always return 0 if preparing is not finish 
version bump to 1 . 5 . 3 . 
add sys . stdout . flush ( ) 
linux binary 
changed bin version to snapshot 
rm debugger 
search through all subtags if annotation already exist there ( at externalannotationsmanagerimpl . duplicateerror 
add 1 . 4 . 0 label to many to many geo distance sort 
update readme . md 
remove dead code in downloader 
updated changelog 
releasing orientdb 2 . 1 - rc6 
update readme . md 
don ' t abort because of lint errors in the sample project 
disable up - to - date checks for performancetest task when profiling 
added templates for issues and prs 
add uaa classpath to eclipse classpath 
version bump 
activating isolate plugin 
merged new openpgp - lib 
d workaround for hitting a hard fs limit when detecting build script changes . 
update to a new release 
lps - 45335 rename 
staging - api 2 . 0 . 0 packageinfo 
update travis . yml 
added gif 
replacing square image with a better color . 
 ' 1 . 1 . 144 - snapshot ' . 
add apk 
fix single test 
remove forced gradle daemon 
resize art images 
updated android sdk scope in pom . xml 
add scene screenshots 
add ipad pro launch image . 
toolchains 
save as = > save as 
add stacktrace to travis command 
update spongecommon ref . 
bump the version number to 2 . 2b3 
fix backupmanager . isbackupenabled ( ) 
prepare next changlog 
lps - 43237 override loading mask position for rtl 
update spongecommon 
updated changelog 
add travis - ci build status 
updated changelog . md for storm - 235 
update reference to oc library 
added migration which was missing in the last commit 
title . tostring ( ) drops the spans in a abstract charsequence 
more crittercism proguard 
updated curator mailing list / group 
added social plugin that uses the ios6 + social framework for sharing - - link to my repo 
revert " move build to plugin 2 . 2 . 0 - alpha1 " 
lps - 49842 allow update control panel permissions for group template scope 
add solr - recommender to examples ; typo fix 
runit to nopass until further discussion ( manhattan distance , kmodes ) 
removed failed test to troubleshoot 
eliminate unused rpubsenable function 
update spongecommon 
changed artifact name back to liquibase - core 
add storm - 1091 to changelog . md 
forgot to add to the changes list 
constants moved from fbreader to zlibrary / core 
site was added to validate javadoc 
update spongecommon ref . 
revert to snapshot 
add finish ( ) after timeout of reqeust arc operations . 
added jar files 
updaing the gradle for the tests to the latest 
updated changelog 
replacing tinder snapshot jar with one that ' s build using a java 5 compiler ( of - 78 ) . 
add release apk 
cluster . node_stats 
unused import removed . 
update fml again for mod screen blending fix . 
don ' t highlight empty headless - implementation - class as error 
upload png 
add the missing filesystem . java utility class to the make file 
lps - 56388 moving to integration folder 
updates macosx update window logo icon . 
switch to " message view " when displaymessagebody ( ) is called 
removed non existing flow 
update readme . md 
smack 4 . 1 . 0 - rc6 - snapshot 
moved ( copied ) components and ported to kernel / index / shell 1 . 0 - snapshot . 
adjust demo layout to showcase the feature 
update spongecommon for block collision performance fix . 
init utils readme 
alpha - 2 / 243 version bump 
re - enables javadoc and source for zipkin - ui ( static asset ) publishing 
add travis build status to readme 
going back to v4 support package 
bumped version to 0 . 6 - snapshot 
ucdetector - use of final 
fix xhdpi launcher icon size . 
udpated properties 
updating changelog . md for storm - 707 
deploy spring - security - samples - messages - jc 
lps - 51018 use distinct in both count and find by 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / message - boards / . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / announcements / . 
forgot to add a field for pubdev - 2289 . 
fixed release date 
fix build / unexpected exit 
update bin doc 
delete header . jpg 
add version for request module 
missing changelog description 
updated for 4 . 0 - beta7 . 
use classformatexception in elementvalue . readelementvalue ( ) as this behaviour is driven by user - provided data , 
wait for green in mlt tests 
deleted test file 
move metadata aggregation module to web - feature - pack . 
fix non - exhaustive match warning 
lps - 67049 move unit test to correct module 
added shippable builds 
upgrade to flow 0 . 2 . 63 
bump 
minecraftforge / fml @ 8f9e3a7e30c8cc436dcb8d94b18b4634e0376339 exceptions during construction phase should not propogate and cause an immediate crash . 
make view # setbackgrounddrawable a no - op if setting the same background . 
update a dependency version 
kill an insanely chatty log message 
added change log 
onactivitycreated ( ) chains to on onactivitycreated ( ) now 
fixed mersennerandom naming 
added releases folder 
updated changelog 
add a y 
trim cli input to avoid confusing parser 
bump jvm memory up to 4g for flink scalatests closes apache / mahout # 200 
update spongecommon 
added tostring ( ) method in neoapp . neoapprelationshiptype . . . otherwise 
added storm - 1687 to changelog . 
add dingding group 
removed system out . 
buildserver thinking * test . xml files are tests 
introduce editorconfig for easier configuration of ides 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 55 
back to commons - io 2 . 4 , since 2 . 5 is not available in central 
update com . android . tools . build to 0 . 4 . 
 ' rxjava - 0 . 11 . 2 - snapshot ' . 
update readme . md 
and these fellers too 
update breaking - changes . 
update readme . md 
add fix the unused import now . 
update windows bullet native 
update jsonarray . java 
readme update 
removing unused import 
remove accidentally checked - in library file 
add desktop app build folder to . 
update support library to 19 . 1 
don ' t filter out calls to log . debug ( ) in com . facebook . buck . io 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 2 . 8 
removed rakefile . 
don ' t show a file limit warning on os x when running ` neo4j console ` 
update shiped forgegradle for 1 . 7 
update news 
fix pom comment . 
use getactivitytoken ( ) instead of mtoken in istopoftask 
update changes retroactively 
add website to readme 
add screenshot1 . gif to the project 
run tests on emulator with api 15 - lowest api available on travis 
splash screen to use as temporary about box 
fix test compilation 
update version 
no need for arguments to the transform annotation anymore 
changes 
cache the contents of . 
updated unit test for cacheconfig class . 
improve cleanup in sample script 
lps - 38260 we need to retrieve the article from database - see addarticle ( ) 
updated readme version 
fix ` cleansamples ` missing remote projects 
oc - 11626 debugger cannot inspect swift object variables compiled with xcode 6 . 3 ( 6d520o ) 
update readme . md 
remove otp - geocoder from top - level pom 
use correct hdpi search icon . 
update readme 
update to latest fastadapter v1 . 5 . 6 
update phrases 
release notes 
removed rogue text from build file . 
made hashjointest an integration testcase 
move batch class to core ( to keep compatibility of views plugin w / 4 . 1 api ) 
updated support annotations 
rc - 2 release candidate 
changed apt project dependency to ' provided ' for sample project ' s processor dependency 
add powershell wrapper to invoke buck python wrappers 
update readme . md 
incremented version properties 
add russian hunspell dictionary 
mark getconnection ( ) that takes a username / password as deprecated . 
updated changelog 
new android async jar . 
accessor for rstudio version info 
organize import . 
 / / code . alibabatech . com / svn / druid / trunk @ 612 b9813039 - fb51 - 4c41 - a8b9 - e21c2acb5095 
remove nailed version for crate - docs - theme 
clear books map in teardown 
idea ce icons updated 
lps - 55395 remove unused index 
update library reference 
update changelog . md 
remove iedriverserver . exe , it is a dependency that is expected to be installed on the machine running tests 
added the url for bitmapfactory . options 
fix an illegalargumentexception for the parent frame of a file dialog . 
fixes project version = unspecified 
community - resources missing from layout 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 60 
try to upgrade travis env . 
adds lazy create context to getcontext ( ) method 
test 
clj - 953 
prepare version 20 . 1 . 0 - beta2 . 
add build folder in . 
update upto gradle plugin 0 . 1 . 10 
updated changelog 
add blueprints - core - 2 . 2 . 0 - java5 . jar 
delete unused bad json jar 
update android support libraries to 25 . 0 . 1 . 
run ant clean before ant debug install 
don ' t stop the file_monitor on process exit ( creates unpredictable wait times - - better to let the os do the cleanup ) 
added deprecated annotation to deprecated methods . 
move enunciate config to rest module instead of servlet module 
more robust way to copy flow files to web root per prithvi . 
bumps maven release plugin version from 2 . 3 to 2 . 4 
snapshot 
bug 333875 - monitor class constructor now public 
updated es upstream to fix flaky deallocatorstest 
lps - 68839 rename to default . xml 
updated travis android sdk version 
snappy 0 . 2 added 
removing java . util . arrays import 
rolled back properties 
idea - 100693 copy / paste of a whole line adds extra space indent 
add missing case in switch . 
put - snapshot back in version 
reset version string in sdkmodificator only if real changes in roots were detected 
document setting mvn heap size - trailing space 
switch to sbt 0 . 13 . 1 from 0 . 13 . 0 
don ' t remove all queued items if token = = null 
added makefile for docs . 
extend limits . conf in debian packaging . 
todo update 
groovyinterceptions . png has an inconsistency 
adding another exception test 
revert " change proguard rule to show xprivacy " 
add gtest_has_pthread define to cygwin build . 
lrqa - 14623 add testray component name users under platform team 
update gradle plugin version in sample 
to english dictionary 
updated changelog . 
updated pubic data sets 
rename no . properties to nb . properties 
add clover license 
annotate return values of indexablesetcontributor . getadditionalrootstoindex as @ notnull 
fix distribute task description 
sync to ace master 
lps - 21917 display order of blog entries can be wrong when two entries are created within 1 minute 
updated to oil textures that sparkst3r supplied 
removing the glossary from the output . 
revert " small fix to python client h2o . stop_logging ( ) " 
adding dict protocole and wizzard ( corrected version ) . 
adding a necessary header to the documentation file 
update ' modules / apps / foundation / license - manager / . 
minecraftforge / fml @ 4836b3272a9b292c62816c1d1f9e845486753839 re - worked the texture patches , optifine helper function , and re - added support fo 
retire android_native_window_t 
update readme . md 
replace non - portable use of echo - n with printf 
remove outofrange suppression 
add back validate into bootstrapmodal globals 
update travis to set jdk_home env variable . 
update readme . md 
bump to 1 . 7 . 6 and minor changelog cleanup 
templatize the return type of requestmidiaccess ( ) 
updated changelog 
publish runtime docs . 
add analysis - smartcn module 
fix location for samples . jar 
upgrade to gelfclient 1 . 3 . 1 
add release script to generate release aar file 
initwithwebview return method needs to be pgplugin 
revert to snapshot builds 
updated changelog 
push version to 11244 . 
lrqa - 17498 add edge as an option for browser type property 
creating a new page for streamingkmeans documentation on mahout website 
updated splash for win launchers . 
sonar - 3862 fix small rendering issue 
really 64 - bit dll 
updated changelog 
added missing name string for cylinder 
block margins in docs 
lps - 8066 increase linkback excerpt length 
update helloworldeclipse / src / com / googlecode / androidannotations / helloworldeclipse / mylistactivity . java 
updated changelog 
added explicit " lang " field to documentation of script score definition 
attempt to disable gpg profile and passphrase server 
update pig to 0 . 9 . 1 
returning back the build tools 
normal font weight for connection tables 
add libcutils 
update okhttp to 1 . 5 . 1 . 
bumping version number to 1 . 7 . 8 in gradle . properties . 
integtest runtime dependency on plugin project not needed anymore 
clean up test lockfile 
prepare next release v0 . 88 . 3 - snapshot 
fix ' context . getclassloader ( ) . 
add cname 
updated changelog . textile . 
changed method get to any when stubbing for unmapped requests 
dev commit . 
added version to gmaven - plugin 
bump gradle plugin version 
increase width of search box 
implement jumptocurrentstate ( ) in vectordrawable 
fix linker error 
update default gradle version configuration 
possible small fix for missing external - libs - folder issue 
authors 
upgrade gradle version . 
missing dependecy from appcompat 
disable js tests when enabling the profile dbtests 
driveimageview 
add sles cmakedefine 
adding neo4j sample 
change your - turn to prompt 
don ' t accept " schienenbein " ( - > schienbein ) 
env 
trivial change to use the correct path of kafka - clients . jar in kafka - run - class . 
update video library to gstreamer - java 1 . 6 and jna 3 . 5 . 2 
fix added version termvectors . asciidoc 
update android build tools version 
fix try_compile in extconf . rb 
update apk 
removing spurious host assignment ( bad merge ) 
fork every tooling api test ( temporarily ) , to test hypothesis about cause of windows ci build failures . 
upgrade to apache pom version 9 
revert accidentally committed changes to en . map 
readded accidently removed socket icon ( without state ) 
bump forge version . 
fix location of websocket classes after api update 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / recent - documents / . 
 ' zuul - 1 . 0 . 28 - snapshot ' . 
renamed empty to " pure python " project type 
updated changelog 
update gradle 
prepare for next development iteration 
hhh - 6163 - need to fix location of envers integrator service file 
v0 . 7 . 0 release . 
call stop instead of close . 
enable line number checks in the angularpasstest 
fixing travis ci test issues 
update changelog 
moved delegatingauthenticationentrypointtest - context . xml to test / resources 
added storm - 417 to changelog 
move to ensure yellow in indices . stats / 12_level . 
remove unused import of java 7 + class 
switch asmack to point to guardian project latest 
jackrabbit lib 
rename section incorrect input checking deleted ( idea - 152896 ) 
prepare for 7 . 0 . 0 - rc2 
update readme . md 
adding updated hdpi chat stat_notify icon 
update readme . md 
update to work with gwt 1 . 7 
hive - 342 . 
hide gh - pages 
build tools downgraded 
genrules " set - euo pipefail " by default . 
upgrade of samples 
updated sample - war wiremock dependency version 
stray import statement - rcttouchhandler 
add missing beatrix module 
moved readme back to root folder 
terrorist version bump 
copy original head elements to the new < head > . 
journal - terms - of - use packageinfo 
add a happypandas file 
intern the strings that are used as keys in json maps parsed from build files . 
update spongeapi . 
partially fixing test to release lock in finally block . 
lps - 68841 packageinfo 
forgot to increment the script count after adding run - script script 
modify license 
prepare release hikaricp - 1 . 3 . 3 
harmonize , null the ssl engine as well . 
adding back jetty - all for this release 
add h2o - r . 
now logging admin console failed logins to warn . log . 
upgrade jackson libs to latest 
proper super call 
update issue_template . 
bump the default max of the connection pool to 8 . 
tell people to build debug instead of release 
another unused import . 
change podspec version to 2 . 0 . 0 . 5 - snapshot 
add ispiperegistered for mods to check if pipe - id already taken . 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 147 - snapshot 
objectid in stream dashboard 
fixed a subtle bug i happened to introduce last night . 
update readme . md 
make groovyconsole hard - coded output limit configurable 
fix debug gradle builds to have less bloat in console 
lps - 65372 if we use the open version we don ' t need to open the tracker explicitly 
changes the background color for chat room contacts . 
use max_limit in shell find 
updated to version 3 . 0 . 3 
enabling cache for dist directory 
update spongecommon ref . 
prepare release storm - hdfs - 0 . 1 . 2 
demo preview png 
new jre and exe file with icons updated 
upgrade to netty 3 . 5 . 9 
recompile svm . java and lisvm . jar . 
use shorthand syntax in utils . js 
add pagesink to spi 
change build tools version to 23 . 0 . 0 
setting version to 1 . 0 . 71 
build scripts update 
updating changelog 
switch to container ( docker ) based travis builds 
update spongecommon 
copy for tag roboguice - 1 . 1 . 1 
made arepipesconnected protected 
commuteroot 
hhh - 8733 - general build cleanup - hibernate - testing 
updated to latest groovy jar 
updated changelog . 
disabling ' * compilejava ' tasks if java . version < 1 . 7 
updated changelog 
update java8stepdefinition . java 
 / / issues . apache . org / bugzilla / show_bug . cgi ? id = 52586 
add jdk8 to travis cache 
gh - 425 - added empty context xml file to rest api 
token wildcard_type was added to whitespacearoundcheck , issue # 853 
fix eduedition build ( take 9 ) 
adding some more documentation images 
missing scrollbar styling width 
moved resultsetadapter to querydsl - core 
added notification to look at readme after upgrade 
fix onlayout support in < textinput > 
 ] added todo to determiningindex for current term id . 
test fixes - viewdataarchiveafterupgrade - properties 
add storelisting 
update changelog . md to 1 . 4 . 1 
javax - security needs to import the package javax . security . cert in its osgi manifest in the aggregate too . 
add a line to separate tachyon . 
block appear to confuse if / else in haml 
added travis - ci config 
broker should exit if hitting exceptions durin startup ; patched by jun rao ; reviewed by sriram subramanian , swapnil ghike and neha narkhede ; kafka - 768 
shakespeare sample needs to use theme . sherlock . 
remove unhelpful system . out . println 
updating testing hints in build_macosx . 
add missing cydia substrate library 
updated changelog 
upped voldemort version to 0 . 56 . 
added isdrawing ( ) 
updated to latest asciidoclet 
added " release " tag 
use landscape screenshot 
return a tuple instead of list . 
lps - 66594 move css files 
update release 
added war / assets and war / com . 
fix typo in name of remove ingest - user - agent test 
travis test 102 
updated cycle screenshot in documentation 
add storm - 1503 to changelog 
make murmurhash3 . c compile on ubuntu 14 . 04 . 
remove alpha5 bwc indexes 
gremlin . bat is now properly routing to scala or groovy with - l arg 
pictures . 
add xep - 0084 to docs / xep . 
remove applicationid in library projects 
language keys 
fix anonymous struct . 
build both the library and example 
verify that our server / extras / pam / redhat / rstudio file is correct 
lps - 50692 - properties 
add java example to run - all script 
bump version number 
upgraded to jaxb 2 . 2 . 6 for java7 
incremented version properties 
2px insets for tableheader 
register allocate the roundrobinindex . 
javadoc ' with jdk 8 on travis . 
update link to riak 
lps - 4318 move it to the deprecated class as well ( just in case ) 
cb - 7017 fix onload = true being set on all subsequent plugins 
implement gradientdrawable getcolorfilter . 
lps - 48482 fixed css 
move sip testosbim from src to test folder . 
 ' 0 . 20 . 0 - rc7 - snapshot ' . 
update changes 
don ' t add symlink tree to rule key 
changes page title to " installing bazel . " 
upgrade to flow 0 . 4 . 39 
prepare release checkstyle - 7 . 1 
artifact name greendao - generator - encryption 
dark icons for terminal tool window . 
changed the more info link to point to the wiki . 
 ' 0 . 18 . 4 - snapshot ' . 
added a super . shutdown ( ) so that it unexports the rmi object as well 
 ' 0 . 14 . 12 - snapshot ' . 
update owncloud library reference 
update library reference , with oc - total - length header in chunkeduploadremotefileoperation 
updated authors . md to include vingles 
remove text capitalization in widget titles , closes # 1498 
useful to have a bart gtfs in here 
serializable sessionauthentication 
rebuild services map when deleting recon service - patch from sergio @ wikier . org 
updated the changelog 
update readme . md 
lps - 14320 drop column 
updated the ` groovy ` submodule with solutions from chapter 4 
remove deleted workspace . go - toolchain from srcs . 
update changes . md 
remove unused assembly descriptor for ml plugin 
update runningondevice . md - misspell correction 
translation correction on from doc ' contributing - to - alluxio . 
put back - snapshot after 1 . 0 . 0 
defaulted to nil , as default_external . 
update copyright and file headers . 
default tostring ( ) function for abstractdatabaseobject 
update 2 . 1 png 
add shared element screenshots 
default sources encoding is set to utf - 8 
enable for release build 
add missing ' final ' declaration 
readme 
change localstorage to sessionstorage 
added storm - 280 to changelog . 
added saxon to the build 
correct pom_name 
update spongecommon 
cut the candidate branch , bumped curr . release to 0 . 70 . 
dispose component managers on edt 
added storm - 613 to changelog . 
lps - 65693 rename to run . sh 
usage 
adding link to # 604 
added images for installing bigbluebutton vm 
update bootstrap ' s entry in the notice file 
update readme . md 
 + stderr + stdout 
update gradle android plugin to 1 . 2 . 3 
corrected sewerage - 0 and default sewerage 
dropbox jar 
update sample config to use a constant nodeid 
lps - 55267 moves icons 
control messages can be sent in the middle of a fragmented message . 
adjust path to match apktool structure 
new reset button 
fixed paths in windows installer for pycharm edu 
x is currently configured to test with openssl trunk which doesn ' t support cipher 0x0060 . 
upgrade to flow 0 . 3 . 45 
reserve plugin id for alerts raised by fuzzer http processor scripts 
updated changelog 
no_reply @ jetbrains . com < igor kuralenok > 
use 1 . 8 jvm target bytecode version for kotlin - stdlib - jre8 module to prevent loading on previous jre versions . 
restore import pydev_log 
cleaned up favicon 
added system . exit to file menu exit item 
update instance name for launching ec2 instances 
renamed to fix case change issue 
lps - 42225 if the size of fileversion is 0 return false 
added todo 
removing note about gemfire . jar on classpath for compilation since includeantruntime is now false . 
fix links in mahout webzite documentation 
build v3 . 1 , master , and prs only from now on 
don ' t need to explicitly run the ios twice anymore for ci - - the script already does it 
added simple attributes to the item . 
update readme . markdown 
need at least one test per class dummy test for unit tests to pass 
fix potential npe in webview 
lps - 65012 fix monitoring - web " resource - actions " dir 
lps - 37757 when selecting a device family the pop up never closes 
update readme . md 
default timezone to utc for range aggregation calculations 
update readme . md 
adding before script options 
remember to call close on connection when timing it out . 
alpha - 21 / 303 version bump 
make the publish script exit with code 0 even if there ' s nothing changed 
fix jdk dep 
updated changes . txt for breton . 
update ' modules / apps / collaboration / document - library / . 
prepare version 23 . 1 . 
update runnerw . exe after web - 12852 
collect * uniques * processor , externalizer 
remove high res arrow icons . 
update aboutlibraries library 
reduced coverage , because of new constructor 
changed superclass of org . mongodb . bulkwriteexception to com . mongodb . mongoexception 
framerate was not set immediately . 
remove tbd from " optionality " section 
fix flyway script on git bash for windows 
lps - 25439 liferay sync icon 
return null on null 
minor power api tweak 
move require of testthat to the bottom . 
adding tom brown to authors list . 
add missing import 
available check is used instead of empty list 
lps - 24243 pending status color is not visible in the staging bar 
add download url to pom 
fixed typo in xml file . 
updated project . version back to snapshot 
add archive keyboard shortcut to messagelist , refs issue 3 
update gradle android plugin ( # 902 ) 
one more todo 
added changelog 
update libproject zip 
more text 
update readme . md 
fix a typo in the badge plugin 
change travis config to use java 8 
add channels to the schema . 
fixed readme typo , thanks @ alashow , closing # 259 
get rid of a warning 
add png 
removed unused return type in executorserviceproxy . 
change repository url to https . 
sonar - 4630 while creating a global dashboard , 
update changelog rb = 195537 
added cassandra and hbase . local files . 
removed the rc1 
